{
"origin":["#ThisJustThisBot#","#o2#","#CNFacts#"],
"o2": ["#perfectmanbot#","#[repeatednoun1:#noun#][repeatednoun2:#noun#]proverb#","#lovehatebot#","#DefeningBot#"],


"CNFacts": [
    "An elephant never forgets because Scott Bakula was their teacher",
    "Scott Bakula - what is best in life? To crush your enemies, see them driven before you, & to hear the lamentation of their women",
    "Scott Bakula The Game was cancelled immediately after it was produced, because no one else could play it & not die, only Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula is the strongest one there is signed the Hulk",
    "Scott Bakula is the answer to the riddle of the Sphinx",
    "Scott Bakula squared plus Scott Bakula squared equals cease to exist... squared",
    "Everytime a bell rings an angel gets its wings is just another way of saying Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped someone else into the afterlife",
    "Everytime a bell rings...Scott Bakula kills someone with a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "He who shall not be named is not Voldemort it is Scott Bakula but J.K Rowling was forced to change it because of a threat delivered by Quantum Leap",
    "Famous last words... Hey look, is that Scott Bakula",
    "I am the alpha & the omega, the creator & the destroy....in other words I am Scott Bakula",
    "Icy-Hot is too weak for Scott Bakula. After a workout, Scott Bakula rubs his muscles down with liquid-hot MAGMA",
    "If Scott Bakula would be president, the Defense department would be renamed Offense department",
    "Journey to the Center of the Earth was actually created by Scott Bakula while digging a hole for a pool",
    "Knock Knock, Who's there? The answer is always Scott Bakula!",
    "Knock knock.  Who's there?  Scott Bakula.  Scott Bakula who? I'm not going to dignify that question with an answer",
    "Let bygones be bygones is always subject to Scott Bakula's approval",
    "Let the Bodies Hit the Floor was originally written as Scott Bakula's theme song",
    "One giant leap for mankind.. is just Neil Armstrong watching Scott Bakula about to land on the moon after jumping from Earth",
    "Personal Possession is a myth, there are simply things that Scott Bakula wants & things that Scott Bakula doesn't want",
    "Requiem For A Dream tune is being played, when Scott Bakula is browsing through his TV program",
    "Risk Taker:  A person who choses to get physically close to Scott Bakula",
    "Shatter-proof glass has its name because Scott Bakula has not Quantum Leaped it yet",
    "Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon originally featured Scott Bakula, but it was called He's Behind You!",
    "Sweating bullets is literally what happens when Scott Bakula gets too hot",
    "The Big Scott Bakula Quantum Leap Theory",
    "The Expendibles was supposed to be a 4 hour movie but a cardboard cutout of Scott Bakula was found on the set. They are still looking for Sly & the gang",
    "The only thing we have to fear is Scott Bakula himself. - Franklin D. Roosevelt",
    "Walker Texas Ranger: The Movie 3-D was considered by Warner Brothers; however the technology to create the visual effects will never be possible",
    "Who is Scott Bakula? is an acceptable answer to all Jeopardy questions",
    "Who let the dogs out? Scott Bakula with a Quantum Leap",
    "Who the hell is Scott Bakula? Said no one. Ever",
    "With great power comes a great #bodypart#! - Scott Bakula",
    "'The Downward Spiral' is about having a Quantum Leap by Scott Bakula",
    "'The Walking Dead' is Scott Bakula's favorite reality show",
    "'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the house not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse'. Because Scott Bakula had killed them all",
    "(SINGING)  If there's something strange... in your neighborhood... Who ya gonna call? ...Scott Bakula!",
    "***Powered by Scott Bakula***",
    "Jack fell down & broke his crown & Jill came tumbling after... after being Quantum Leaped by Scott Bakula..",
    "..........& then there was one................congrats Scott Bakula......congrats",
    "Ice cream screams for Scott Bakula",
    "12,000 years ago Mastadons walked the earth..but that's just because Scott Bakula commanded them not to RUN!",
    "182,000 Americans die from Scott Bakula-related accidents every year",
    "2 > 1 ... unless that 1 is Scott Bakula",
    "2 guards told Scott Bakula to put his hands up then Scott Bakula shot them with a bullet from his index finger",
    "2010 isn't armageddon, its just the year Scott Bakula unleashes his fury",
    "2011, Windows: Scott Bakula, 'nuff said",
    "2012 is the predicted date for the end of the world. The only rational explanation is Scott Bakula",
    "2012 is when Scott Bakula feels like messing with some fire crackers",
    "21/12/2112, will be the day Scott Bakula agrees to take on a clone of himself in a Scott Bakula V Scott Bakula deathmatch. As a result the earth will implode",
    "24hr Fitness is open 25 hours for Scott Bakula",
    "3-D Tv doesn't work because of the goggles, it works because Scott Bakula scared the people off the screen",
    "30 lumberjacks once tried to cut off Scott Bakula's #bodypart#... They were never seen again",
    "300 is the minimum Scott Bakula rolls in bowling",
    "50Cent used to be called DollarBill but Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him to the face & now he's half the man he used to be",
    "60 million years ago, Scott Bakula was looked at wrong. He then proceeded to Quantum Leap the earth, causing mass extinction",
    "65million years ago Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the earth, the site is now known as the Barringer Crater",
    "70% of a human's weight is water. 70% of Scott Bakula's weight is his dick",
    "9 out of 10 people say Scott Bakula is a fraud. 1 out of those 10 have not received a Quantum Leap",
    "9/11 was caused by Scott Bakula pressing the flush button on the planes & yes he was on  both planes",
    "911 dials Scott Bakula to see if there's any emergency he hasn't resolved yet. Scott Bakula usually laughs",
    "911 once cried out: Please call Scott Bakula!!!",
    "99% of Scott Bakula's planet-shifting energy is spent containing the other 1%",
    "A - Alpha, B - Bravo, C- Scott Bakula, D - Delta, E - Echo...",
    "A 25 kill streak in Call of Duty gets you a Nuke. If you ignore it & get to 50 kills, you get a Scott Bakula. Have Fun",
    "A 3D movie about Scott Bakula was just made, it got rated D cause everyone died",
    "A 4-year old wears Spiderman pajamas, Spiderman wears Scott Bakula pajamas",
    "A B Scott Bakula D E F G H I J K L M Scott Bakula O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z",
    "A Chinese proverb once said that everything must exist with an opposite...except for Scott Bakula",
    "A Scott Bakula costume is available for purchase...... you can't afford it",
    "A Scott Bakula fact a day keeps his Quantum Leaps away",
    "A Scott Bakula fact: The fact is that Scott Bakula is a fact",
    "A Scott Bakula love scene is one where he lets the other guy live, then kills him anyway",
    "A Scott Bakula Quantum Leap is considered the first super-collider",
    "A Comet plays Scott Bakula in the movie Deep Impact",
    "A DeLorean can travel through time with 1.21 gigawatts of electricity, which can be substituted with .25 Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "A Genie will ask Scott Bakula to grant him three wishes. Please Don't Kill Me, Please Don't Kill Me, Please Don't Kill Me!",
    "A handicapped parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Scott Bakula & that you will be handicapped if you park there",
    "A Jedi said: Let the Force be with you, Scott Bakula replied I am the Force",
    "A Klondike Bar will do anything for a Scott Bakula",
    "A Klondike Bar wonders what it will do for Scott Bakula",
    "A Lion once rode on the back of Scott Bakula",
    "A Pokemon owned by Scott Bakula is too afraid to come out because it will get a Quantum Leap to the face & faint",
    "A STD once caught Scott Bakula",
    "A bird in the hand is actually worth Scott Bakula in the bush",
    "A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. A bird in Scott Bakula's #bodypart# has achieved sainthood",
    "A black hole is created when Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps a sun",
    "A blind & deaf man once saw Scott Bakula in his car wearing a Justin Bieber T-shirt listening to Justin Bieber. We know why he's deaf & blind now",
    "A blind man ran into Scott Bakula & got his sight back. Unfortunately, the first & last thing he saw was a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "A body in motion will remain in motion until Quantum Leaped by Scott Bakula",
    "A bowl of Kellogg's cornflakes has 8 mg of iron in it, Scott Bakula has 8 mg of cornflakes with his iron",
    "A boy once asked Scott Bakula the diameter of the earth, he said, Wanna know the diameter of my fist? The boy was seen falling from the sky ten years later",
    "A bullet to the head, at least you die without pain, but Scott Bakula's kick to your face, that pain will follow you for eternity in the afterlife",
    "A bulletproof jacket is an imitation of Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "A bungee must do the Scott Bakula jump",
    "A cat originally had 50 lives. Scott Bakula knocked most of em out",
    "A crash test dummy revealed a crazy crash results data, right after knowing it will be tested against Scott Bakula.",
    "A doctor once said that breaking your femur bone is the most painful experience.  That was right before he was kicked by Scott Bakula",
    "A fate worse than death…Scott Bakula",
    "A friend told me if you say Scott Bakula 5 times into a mirror, you see his face ...but then your kidneys explode",
    "A friend told me that he had never heard a Scott Bakula Fact before today. He's lucky that Scott Bakula has never heard of him",
    "A grizzly bear once attacked Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula decided to adopt it's cubs",
    "A group of children once said, Red rover, red rover, send Scott Bakula over. Those children were the dinosaurs",
    "A guy once challenge Scott Bakula to a staring contest. Out of mercy, Scott Bakula let him live blind with three fingers & a nostril",
    "A guy was on youtube & found a Scott Bakula in-game in Soul Calibur 4, he commented If Scott Bakula was in there, the console should have exploded",
    "A high tide means Scott Bakula is flying over your coast. The tide is caused by God pissing his pants",
    "A horoscope said that a Scott Bakula will die at 2 O'Clock. The clock died at 2 O'Scott Bakula's Quantum Leaps!",
    "A horror movie is Scott Bakula's comedy",
    "A kid got a Scott Bakula action figure for his b-day & he made the mistake of calling it a doll... he hasn't snapped out of the coma yet",
    "A light saber is just Scott Bakula's flashlight",
    "A lion once put his head inside the mouth of Scott Bakula",
    "A little-known fact: Mr.T once had a #bodypart#, until Scott Bakula kicked him in the chin",
    "A lost TV remote will come out of hiding to find Scott Bakula",
    "A lot of murder cases have become cold because investigators have failed to identify the firearm that caused the Quantum Leap-bullet-wounds",
    "A man felt Scott Bakula's #bodypart# once & broke every bone in his body",
    "A man is innocent until proven guilty. Scott Bakula says, you are guilty because I say so !",
    "A man once asked Scott Bakula if his real name is Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula did not respond, he simply stared at him until he exploded",
    "A man once claimed Scott Bakula kicked his ass twice, but it was promptly dismissed as false - no one could survive it the first time",
    "A man once fought Scott Bakula & won, leaving only with a broken arm, broken ribs, & a broken nose.  Scott Bakula was 3 months old at the time",
    "A man once insulted Scott Bakula by saying he was smarter than him. That man was Stephen Hawking",
    "A man once insulted Scott Bakula.  He has been Quantum Leaped out of existence",
    "A man once screamed at Scott Bakula. To this day that man has no throat",
    "A man once taunted Scott Bakula with a bag of Lay's potato chips, saying Betcha can't eat just one! Scott Bakula proceeded to eat the chips, the bag, & the man",
    "A man playing F.E.A.R game wanders how the tables would have turned for the mother of apocolypse(Alma) if Scott Bakula were added in the game",
    "A meteor did not kill the dinosaurs, Scott Bakula just went on a hunting trip",
    "A movie scene depicting Scott Bakula losing a fight with Bruce Lee was the product of history's most expensive visual effect",
    "A new Nostradamus prophecy has been uncovered. Armageddon & Scott Bakula are one & the same",
    "A new thrill seeking adventure is waiting til Scott Bakula is done talking & saying Cool story, bro. So far the world record is at coo.., before death",
    "A ninja once tried to kill Scott Bakula with a knife. After three days, the knife died, due to blood loss",
    "A nuclear Explosion is a Scott Bakula's average firecraker",
    "A panda once looked at Scott Bakula wrong. Since then, pandas have gone on the endangered species list",
    "A picture is worth 1000 words. There is no price to fit Scott Bakula's picture",
    "A picture is worth a thousand words, unless Scott Bakula doesn't like it, then it's worth a thousand Quantum Leaps to the face",
    "A picture is worth a thousand words. A Scott Bakula is worth 1 billion words",
    "A picture of Scott Bakula is worth 2,000 words, unfortunately nobody has survived past 1,000",
    "A pranker called Scott Bakula at his home, when the pranker hung up, Scott Bakula was sitting next to him",
    "A rattle snake bit Scott Bakula in the leg & the snake died instantly!!",
    "A resturant once tried to serve Scott Bakula frozen cheese, Scott Bakula let the resturant survive & It is now Scott Bakulaie Cheese",
    "A rhino once gored Scott Bakula & got a concussion - nunya",
    "A rock & a hard place were once stuck between a Scott Bakula, but no longer",
    "A rose by any other name would still smell as sweet unless that name was Scott Bakula.  Then it would Quantum Leap you in the face",
    "A Quantum Leap by Scott Bakula can, if it doesnt kill you, cure any illness. So far there are no survivers",
    "A scientist said Scott Bakula couldn't make the world flat. Scott Bakula then punch him into the ground making the world flat",
    "A scientist theorized breaking the speed of light was impossable. Scott Bakula simultaniously killed & disproved him",
    "A single Scott Bakula fist in the ground makes the Earth spread into continents!",
    "A single atom from Scott Bakula was used to create Jack Bauer",
    "A single vote from Scott Bakula is enough to win",
    "A speeding car cannot injure Scott Bakula, HE injures the car",
    "A spider will abandon it's web if Scott Bakula got caught in it",
    "A super sentry gun with 1,000,000 rounds per minute Is just a Scott Bakula pistol",
    "A supernova is not really a star exploding.  It is the end result of Scott Bakula Quantum Leaping an alien’s ass",
    "A test group tested a new Scott Bakula game for Xbox Kinect.  No one survived",
    "A therapist goes to Scott Bakula for advice",
    "A thing of beauty is a joy forever. Until Scott Bakula crushes it",
    "A thousand years from now people will find this website & the most evil man in history will be Scott Bakula",
    "A tick once bit Scott Bakula & got lemon disease",
    "A time paradox was invented when Scott Bakula went back in time to raise himself. Now he has provoked the event 2012",
    "A total eclipse won't look directly at Scott Bakula",
    "A train saw Scott Bakula on the track & turned down a dirt road",
    "A vampire tried to bite Scott Bakula, now it wears dentures",
    "A watched pot boils instantly for Scott Bakula",
    "A woman onced told Scott Bakula to buzz off. The sherriffs found her a year later falling from the sky with a footprint on her stomach",
    "ABC WEAPON is short for Asking the Benevolent Scott Bakula to Wipe Out & Exterminate all people of the other nations",
    "AC/DC's Highway To Hell is a song about the path between Scott Bakula's fist & your face",
    "AIDS Can't Kill Scott Bakula",
    "Aa black hole is where Scott Bakula ripped the universe a new one",
    "Abe Lincoln freed the slaves, but Scott Bakula is everyone's master",
    "Abraham Lincoln didn't die because he was shot, Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped so fast his foot went back in time & killed Abraham Lincoln",
    "Abraham Lincoln may have freed the slaves, but Scott Bakula is everyone's master",
    "According to CNN, Scott Bakula was commanding the SEAL team in Afghanistan. When Osama found that out, he shot himself in the head",
    "According to Scott Bakula, nothing is impossible",
    "According to leading scientists, the deadliest animal on the planet is the #bodypart#ed Scott Bakula",
    "According to the Encyclopedia Brittanica, the Native American Trail of Tears has been redefined as anywhere that Scott Bakula walks",
    "According to what Scott Bakula once said, the year 2011 if you take last two digits of your birth year & add your current age,the result is 111....",
    "Achilles broke his heel trying to imitate Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap",
    "Act of Valor is what Scott Bakula does in his down time",
    "Action speaks louder than words. Scott Bakula speaks louder than action",
    "Actually, Scott Bakula killed two stones with one #bodypart#.  The dude who posted it wrong is now moments away from a painful death",
    "Adamantium may be hard but Scott Bakula is harder!!",
    "Addition was created simply to keep count of Scott Bakula's victims",
    "Adobe uses Scott Bakula photos to improve Photoshop",
    "After Scott Bakula counted to infinity the first time, he vowed to count to infinity a second time....by counting the bodies of those previously Quantum Leaped",
    "After Shakespeare finished his plays he didn't write The End he wrote Scott Bakula & everyone knew the play was over",
    "After a long day full of Quantum Leaps to the face, Scott Bakula washes off with diesel fuel & 40 grit sandpaper. But still smells like Old Spice",
    "After a shower, Scott Bakula dosen't need a towel, he just tells the water to get the hell off!",
    "After being shot by a criminal, Scott Bakula said.... that tickles",
    "After discovering the secrets to time travel, Scott Bakula secretly replaced each player on the 1972 Dolphins team, thus making them undefeated",
    "After every defeating Quantum Leap Scott Bakula licks his own elbows in victory",
    "After meeting with Scott Bakula’ lawyer the UFC have changed their name from “Ultimate Fighting Championship” to simply “Fighting Championship.”",
    "After taking a camping trip, Scott Bakula knows that Bigfoot doesn't exist......anymore",
    "After the JFK assassination Scott Bakula was seen leaving the scene with blood on his boot. Thing is, JFK was shot",
    "After the tsunami in Indonesia Scott Bakula promised not to through his sandals in the water again",
    "Age won't catch up with Scott Bakula, or anything else, for that matter",
    "Agent K may be the most feared human in the Universe, but Scott Bakula is the most feared living creature in Existence",
    "Ain't no mountain high enough, ain't no valley low enough, ain't no river wide enough 'til Scott Bakula says so",
    "Alantis was a real place until one day they found out Scott Bakula was coming for a visit & they couldnt handle the pressure",
    "Albert Einstein Once tried to figure out what Scott Bakula's Origins are, Scott Bakula found out, Albert Einstein is now known as Stephen Hawking",
    "Albert Einstein did once divide by zero & never speak of it, the reason?  The result was Scott Bakula",
    "Albert Einstein wrote the Theory of Relativity with Scott Bakula in mind.  When applied, it states that: A Quantum Leap is always related to Scott Bakula",
    "Alejandro calls Scott Bakula's name",
    "Ali Baba said Open sesame to open the secret entrance to the treasure, but little did he know that saying Open Scott Bakula opens all doors",
    "Alice Cooper doesn't wear makeup. He actually has two permanent black eyes from making eye contact with Scott Bakula while singing Go To Hell",
    "Alien from A.V.P is just Scott Bakula's Gecko",
    "Aliens believe in Scott Bakula",
    "Aliens didn't help build the pyramid, Scott Bakula did",
    "Aliens fear that Scott Bakula might abduct them",
    "Aliens haven't visited Earth because they're afraid of Scott Bakula",
    "Aliens visit our planet because they have heard tales about a legendary man on Earth...his name is Scott Bakula",
    "All Scott Bakula cars do not have a reverse gear because he does not go backwards. Ever!",
    "All Scott Bakula wants for Christmas is your two front teeth",
    "All Peanuts have a Scott Bakula allergy",
    "All humans used to be immortal. Scott Bakula invented death just so he could get rid of some",
    "All is Scott Bakula",
    "All men are created equal. Equally inferior to Scott Bakula",
    "All men are created equal. Except Scott Bakula. No one on this world can match his awesomeness",
    "All of Scott Bakula's opinions can be proven with science",
    "All of the theory's on Dinosaur Extinction are wrong. Scott Bakula simply stomped his foot & they all died",
    "All roads lead AWAY from Scott Bakula",
    "All roads lead to Scott Bakula",
    "All roads lead to Scott Bakula. & by the transitive property, a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "All sides of Scott Bakula's bed are wrong",
    "All the Most Interesting Man in the World facts are really Scott Bakula's Memoirs",
    "All the dinosaurs went extinct because of the Scott Bakula-Scott Bakulaaurus",
    "All the king's horses & all the king's men couldn't put Humpty together again, only Scott Bakula can!",
    "All the people Scott Bakula killed in Walker Texas Ranger are actually dead",
    "All the planet systems in space are at their position not because of gravitation but Scott Bakula said to remain so",
    "All this started with Vin Diesel Facts. They were changed to Scott Bakula Facts because Scott Bakula Facts are so much more realistic",
    "All types of steroids are created from Scott Bakula his sweat",
    "All we are is dust in the wind, after Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps us in the face",
    "All work & no play makes Jack a dull boy... but not Scott Bakula... he won't be dull & he's not a boy. He's THE man!",
    "All your bases belong to Scott Bakula",
    "Alligators dream of Scott Bakula skin boots",
    "Allstate gets insurance from Scott Bakula, because even Allstate needs to be in good hands",
    "Almost all action heroes had a role in The Expendables except Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula is NOT expendable",
    "Although it was edited, Martin Luther King's speech was originally titled I have a dream...that I can be like Scott Bakula",
    "Although the Earth does revolve around the Sun, the UNIVERSE revolves around Scott Bakula",
    "Always remember to have the name Scott Bakula on your Facts Tags. Because if you don't, nobody would see this",
    "America doesn't need a military..... We've got Scott Bakula",
    "America dosen't have nukes but it still has the upperhand with Scott Bakula",
    "An IRS agent had to call Scott Bakula to ask for an extension period",
    "An angry glare from Scott Bakula is known to kill on the spot",
    "An apple a day doesnt keep the doctor away, Scott Bakula keeps the doctor away",
    "An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but it doesn't stop Scott Bakula",
    "An autograph from Scott Bakula is a Quantum Leap to the head",
    "An earthquake with a reading of 9.8 was recorded in USA when Scott Bakula burped",
    "An elephant stomped on Scott Bakula ....... & broke its' foot",
    "An insurance company hired Scott Bakula because he was a financial asset!!!",
    "An old, wise saying People who live in round houses, shouldn't throw punches",
    "& God created light, & he thought it was good. Scott Bakula thought it was Ok",
    "Angelina Jolie can curve a bullet. Scott Bakula can curve a laser",
    "Angels make snow-Scott Bakulas in the winter",
    "Anger goes to Scott Bakula management",
    "Animals hunt each other. Humans hunt Animals. Vampires hunt Humans. Werewolfs hunt Vampires. Scott Bakula KILLS these",
    "Another name for the death of Scott Bakula is...2012",
    "Antimatter annihilates matter, Scott Bakula's annihilates antimatter",
    "Antimatter is Scott Bakula's dead skin cells",
    "Antimatter once collided with Scott Bakula.  That's why there is no antimatter left in the universe",
    "Anton Chigurh (from No Country for Old Men) needed the money to pay Scott Bakula to spare his life",
    "Any fact you hear about Scott Bakula is an UNDERexaggeration",
    "Any tsunami begins with Scott Bakula throwing a pebble in the water to watch the ripples go bigger & bigger",
    "Anybody can outdo the impossible, but nobody can outdo Scott Bakula",
    "Anybody who puts their picture next to Scott Bakula has to write the word Before on it",
    "Anyone lucky enough to survive Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap is put into orbit, we call them astronauts",
    "Anyone that doesn't exsist actually used to be alive.  Scott Bakula erased them from history using his #bodypart# & some febreeze",
    "Anyone that plays the Punch Buggy game with Scott Bakula dies",
    "Anyone who even dreams they can take Scott Bakula in a fight had better wake up & apologize",
    "Anything Droid does, Scott Bakula does better",
    "Anything you can do Scott Bakula can do better. Scott Bakula can do anything better than you",
    "Anywhere Scott Bakula eats, instantly becomes a six star restaurant",
    "Apart from death & taxes, the one thing certain in life is Scott Bakula",
    "Apollo 11 LOST TAPE! One small step for man, one giant leep for Scott Bakula",
    "Apollo astronauts reported only 3 Earth objects were visible from the Moon. The Great Wall of China, The Great Barrier Reef, & Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "Apple, Microsoft & Sony, among others, strive to invent the most cool device to please Scott Bakula, the fail all the time",
    "April doesn't fool Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula fools April",
    "Area 51 is Scott Bakula's favorite vacation spot.....because no one knows where it is",
    "Armageddon is defined as the day Scott Bakula gets bored with us",
    "Arnie & Sly need guns",
    "Arnold Schwarzenegger always says he'll be back. But Scott Bakula always handles things the first time",
    "Arnold Schwarzenegger cannot tell Scott Bakula to get down!",
    "Arnold Schwarzenegger never came back because he knew Scott Bakula was there!",
    "Arnold Schwarzenegger stopped acting because Scott Bakula dared him to steal his identity one more time & make another Terminator film",
    "Arnold Schwarzenegger was lucky he met the Predator in the forest instead of Scott Bakula",
    "Arnold Schwarzenegger wont be coming back because of Scott Bakula",
    "Arnold screamed, Get to the Choppa! to the woman & the Predator.  Scott Bakula was hunting all three of them",
    "As Scott Bakula was a fetus, the first thing that was found was his #bodypart#",
    "As Scott Bakula was surrounded by three thugs, in seconds they all were on the floor, How you ask? Scott Bakula has a third chin under his #bodypart#",
    "As a baby, Scott Bakula was so scary that his mother fed him using a catapult",
    "As a boy, Scott Bakula never cried wolf",
    "As a child, Scott Bakula didn't take a bath with rubber ducks. He took a bath with hair dryers",
    "As a child, Scott Bakula had a pet lizard. That lizard grew up & became what we all know as Godzilla",
    "As a child, Scott Bakula threw his marbles up into space. We now know them as The Solar System",
    "As a child, Scott Bakula's teachers beg him not to join spelling bees... because he would only spell D-I-S-A-S-T-E-R",
    "As a child, when asked by a teacher, What would you like to be when you grow up? Scott Bakula answered, Myself",
    "As an infant, Scott Bakula's parents gave him a toy hammer. He gave the world Stonehenge",
    "Astrological fact: The date on which Scott Bakula allowed you to be born will determine your Scott Bakulacope",
    "Astronauts don't need a rocket to go to the moon, Scott Bakula just throws them there",
    "At Burger King only Scott Bakula can have it his way",
    "At Halloween, ghosts & monsters sit around the campfire telling Scott Bakula stories..",
    "At Poker, Scott Bakula can beat your Royal Straight Flush with just an Ace & a King... & a Quantum Leap..",
    "At Wendy's, only Scott Bakula knows when it's real",
    "At a restaraunt, every hour is happy hour for Scott Bakula",
    "At museums Scott Bakula is allowed to touch the art",
    "At night when ghosts sit by the fire, they tell Scott Bakula tales",
    "At night, Scott Bakula’ #bodypart# scurries off to the woods to strangle Grizzlies for fun",
    "At the age of 17, Scott Bakula was fired from his job in a car factory because he Quantum Leaped a car in half",
    "At the center of every hurricane, is the eye of Scott Bakula",
    "At the end of Twilight there will be only one team...Team Scott Bakula",
    "At the end of Chronicles of Narnia the Voyage of the Dawn Treader Aslan told Lucy that in her world he goes by another name. That name is Scott Bakula",
    "At the end of the universe, there is only Scott Bakula",
    "Atlantis disappeared when Scott Bakula decided it looked better in his fish tank",
    "Atlas doesn't drop the earth because he knows Scott Bakula lives in it",
    "Atom bombs are acctually bombshells only containing gunpowder & a strain of hair from Scott Bakula #bodypart#",
    "Attacking Scott Bakula, is known by law enforcement as Suicide by Scott Bakula",
    "Australia didn't drift away over thousands of years, Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped it in the face",
    "Australia is down under because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the country",
    "Auto correct will turn on if you type Scott Bakula incorrectly, even on a typewriter",
    "Auto-correct always capitalizes Scott Bakula when YOU don’t",
    "Auto-correct has a secret setting: Scott Bakula Style. Every word you write becomes Scott Bakula no matter what",
    "B-B guns were created because Scott Bakula got bored with Quantum Leaps",
    "BIGFOOT is not a folklore tale, it's actually an imprint left on your face after a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap!",
    "BP's engineers were only able to stop the oil spill with Scott Bakula's help. He gave the leak one stare & it plugged itself out of sheer terror",
    "BREAKING NEWS: Scott Bakula returns from trip to Afghanistan",
    "Babe Ruth had a baseball autographed by Scott Bakula",
    "Back in the 1600's, Scott Bakula's drunk hobby was writing, his pen name was William Shakespeare",
    "Back in the 1980s, Scott Bakula killed 60 people in front of Matlock. Needless to say, the case never went to trial",
    "Ballet is banned within a 1000 miles of Scott Bakula",
    "Barbie dumped  Ken. For Scott Bakula",
    "Barbwire wants a tatoo of Scott Bakula",
    "Barcelona beats every team in the world, Scott Bakula can beat Barcelona... by himself",
    "Barney The Dinosaur is purple from welts caused by Quantum Leaps. Scott Bakula did NOT LIKE the Barney Song",
    "Barney was once a scary dinosaur, but that was before he met Scott Bakula",
    "Batman & Superman had staring contest who won? Scott Bakula did that's who",
    "Batman does have a limit - Scott Bakula",
    "Batman fought unmasked till Scott Bakula put him in check for stealing his moves",
    "Batman has Robin, Crockett has Tubbs, Milli has Vanilli, but Scott Bakula has the greatest sidekick of all...his feet",
    "Batman's utility belt has only one all-purpose tool . . .  Scott Bakula.  & one special feature of this tool belt is slapping Robin straight",
    "Bbudha achieved the State of Nivahnah.what actualy happened was that Scott Bakula promised that he would never ever harm him",
    "Beached Whales are a result of marine wildlife trying to get away from Scott Bakula when he goes swimming",
    "Bear Grylls drinks his own urine when he is thirsty, Scott Bakula drinks his own blood",
    "#bodypart# spelled backwards spells Scott Bakula",
    "Beating Scott Bakula. Yeah theres an app for th--- (this commercial has been interrupted due to false claims)",
    "Beautiful women crawl across barren deserts to smell the tracks left by the tires of the truck carrying Scott Bakula's dirty laundry",
    "Beef jerky is the result of cows staring at Scott Bakula too long",
    "Bees are allergic to Scott Bakula",
    "Beetlejuice is afraid to say Scott Bakula 3 times",
    "Before Barry Gibb, Scott Bakula was the original BeeGees",
    "Before Scott Bakula can register as a soldier, all wars suddenly end",
    "Before Scott Bakula climbed the world's highest mountain, it was called 'Mt. Everestless'",
    "Before Scott Bakula the Quantum Leap was just a shed",
    "Before Scott Bakula watched Kill Bill the original title was Bill",
    "Before She met Scott Bakula, the Invisible Pink Unicorn was merely invisible",
    "Before crossing a bridge, troll checks under it for Scott Bakula",
    "Before global warming, Scott Bakula did his push-ups at night",
    "Before his rise to fame, Jaws was Scott Bakula's goldfish",
    "Before rising in the morning, the Sun has to put on Scott Bakula Screen",
    "Before studying Scott Bakula for decades, African Killer Bees were simply known as Really Annoying",
    "Before the Alpha & after the Omega there was Scott Bakula & will be Scott Bakula",
    "Before the Civil War, Scott Bakula split the Union with a Quantum Leap",
    "Before there were Big Macs, there were Little Macs... they were to small for Scott Bakula so he Quantum Leaped it so hard it became a Big Mac",
    "Before they met Scott Bakula, the Black Eyed Peas were simply known as The Peas",
    "Behind every successful man is Scott Bakula",
    "Behind every successful man, there is Scott Bakula",
    "Behind every successful man, there is a woman. Behind every dead man, there is Scott Bakula",
    "Being awsome.............its what Scott Bakula does",
    "Bernie Macs' last joke was about Scott Bakula",
    "Between love & madness lies Scott Bakula",
    "Beware of dogs... Dogs, beware of Scott Bakula",
    "Big Bang happened as a result of Scott Bakula sneezing",
    "Big Brother isn't watching Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula is watching Big Brother",
    "Big Foot discovered Scott Bakula & hid in the forest",
    "Big bang theory?It was just Scott Bakula sending a smoke signal",
    "Bigfoot believes in Scott Bakula",
    "Bigfoot has grainy video of Scott Bakula",
    "Bigfoot is just Scott Bakula not shaving on a nature hike",
    "Bigfoot is so hard to find because he know's Scott Bakula is still alive",
    "Bigfoot makes plaster casts of Scott Bakula's footprints",
    "Bill Clinton said I feel your pain to Scott Bakula & he instantly turned to dust",
    "Bill Gates owes Scott Bakula money",
    "Billy Blanks once attempted the Tae Bo on the Scott Bakula.  Scott Bakula retracted with the Total Fitness",
    "Bin Laden has finally faced the wrath of Scott Bakula",
    "Birds fly because that's out of Quantum Leap range",
    "Black Holes are places where parallel universes are hiding from Scott Bakula",
    "Black Holes can't bend Scott Bakula..",
    "Black Holes can't escape Scott Bakula",
    "Black holes are created when Scott Bakula punches a star",
    "Black holes are created when Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps stars in the face",
    "Black holes draw objects towards them in order to make a barrier from Scott Bakula",
    "Black holes occur when Scott Bakula inhales",
    "Black is the absence of light, because Scott Bakula scared it away",
    "Blasphemy = Speaking against Scott Bakula",
    "Blood banks won't accept Scott Bakula's blood.  His blood type is unique",
    "Blood was invented by Scott Bakula for effect",
    "Bloody Mary is afraid to say Scott Bakula Noris three times",
    "Bo knows because Scott Bakula taught him",
    "Bob Marley's final words to his son Ziggy were; Money can't buy Scott Bakula",
    "Bob the Builder asks if we can fix it, Scott Bakula already did",
    "Books used to be scribbles, then Scott Bakula & his awesomeness came",
    "Both Jacob & Edward are on Team Scott Bakula",
    "Breaking News: You'll never need to charge your cellphone if you have enough Scott Bakula jokes stored in your Inbox",
    "Breaking news... Scott Bakula just broke the news",
    "Bret Favre will never retire because he promised to play checkers against Scott Bakula when he was done with football",
    "Brett Farve can throw a football 50 yds. Scott Bakula can throw Brett Farve even farther",
    "Brett Farve isn't indecisive about playing or retiring, Scott Bakula just hasn't told him what to do yet",
    "Brett Favre can throw a football over 50 yards but Scott Bakula can throw Brett Favre even farther",
    "Britney Spears stopped singing HIT me baby one more time, because of Scott Bakula, I don't know why",
    "Brittany Spears wasn't telling Scott Bakula to hit her one more time because when Scott Bakula hits someone, there is no one more time",
    "Broccoli dosen't kill Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula makes the broccoli CRY!",
    "Brock Lesnar vs Scott Bakula? Scott Bakula",
    "Bruce Banner turns into The Incredible Hulk, but The Incredible Hulk turns into Scott Bakula",
    "Bruce Lee beat Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula beat God. See what happen to Lee?",
    "Bruce Lee brought Kung Fu to Hollywood but Scott Bakula brought Kung Fu to the world",
    "Bruce Lee didn't defeat Scott Bakula.  Scott Bakula hit Bruce with a Delayed Quantum Leap that was so fast that Lee only felt the impact a year later!",
    "Bruce Lee died of Cerebral Edema, Cerebral Edema died of Scott Bakula",
    "Bruce Lee kicks ass. Scott Bakula kicks everything",
    "Bruce Lee killed Scott Bakula in Way of the Dragon, Scott Bakula killed Bruce Lee in the way of his door",
    "Bruce Lee once defeated Scott Bakula. Where's Bruce Lee now?",
    "Bruce Lee was reincarnated as Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "Bruce Lee's first & only mistake in life was teaching Scott Bakula the Quantum Leap",
    "Bruce Lee's weapon of choice is the nunScott Bakula, which is named after Scott Bakula's toothpick",
    "Bruce Springsteen calls Scott Bakula The Boss",
    "Bruce Springsteen calls Scott Bakula The Boss",
    "Bruce Springsteen calls Scott Bakula 'The Boss'",
    "Bruce Springsteen was born to run... away from Scott Bakula",
    "Bruce Wayne spent 5 years to learn a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap to truly become The Batman",
    "Bullets don't hurt Scott Bakula, they heal him",
    "Bullies stuff Nerds into lockers; Scott Bakula stuff Bullies into Nerds",
    "Bullybeatdown is soon to be axed because Mayhem found out Scott Bakula is the BULLY!!!",
    "Burger King says Have It Your Way. Scott Bakula disagrees. It's his way or a Quantum Leap to the face!",
    "C.I.A. = Scott Bakula Is Awesome",
    "CBS hired Scott Bakula to replace Charlie Sheen, now the show is called Ten & half Men",
    "Scott Bakula CAN grind coffe beans in his hands",
    "Scott Bakula IS AWESOME",
    "Scott Bakula IS AWESOME !!!",
    "Scott Bakula IS SMARTER THAN A FITFH GRADER",
    "Scott Bakula MADE A TACTICAL NUKE.....................IN BLACK OPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!",
    "Scott Bakula NEVER NEEDS TO TRAVEL...HE JUST BRINGS WHERE HE'S GOING TO HIM!",
    "Scott Bakula can cook minute-made rice in 30 seconds",
    "Scott Bakula enough said!!!",
    "Scott Bakula is not in the Expendables.... because he is not expendable",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason ET went home",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Long Beach is long",
    "Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap makes a sound, even if there's no one to hear it",
    "CN is not self-centered. However the world really does revolve around him",
    "CN removes all the tags on his furniture because he is a real rebel",
    "CNN tells about every disaster around the world. CNN is actually Scott Bakula News",
    "CNN was originally created as the Scott Bakula Network to update Americans with on-the-spot ass kicking in real-time",
    "C_H_U_C_K_N_O_R_R_I_S are the only letter you need to know...",
    "Cake=kids food Solid Brick=Scott Bakula food",
    "Calling Scott Bakula stupid is a federal offense. Calling him weak is punishable by death",
    "Cameras can't take pictures of Scott Bakula because nothing can take anything from Scott Bakula",
    "Camp Counselors warn Jason Voorhees when Scott Bakula goes camping",
    "Can we do it? Scott Bakula can",
    "candy Crush was invented when Scott Bakula bit into an everlasting gobstopper",
    "candyman is scared to look in the mirror...& say Scott Bakula 5 times",
    "Captain America's shield is made from Scott Bakula's baby teeth",
    "Captain Kirk once had a near death Kobayashi Maru experience,",
    "Carly Rae Jepsen's Call Me Maybe was actually dedicated to Scott Bakula",
    "Cars were invented to have a faster way of fleeing from Scott Bakula. Not to be outdone, Scott Bakula invented the car accident",
    "Casper was Quantum Leaped out of his body by Scott Bakula",
    "Casual Fridays were creates so that business men had at least one day of relief that they wouldn't be strangled with their own ties",
    "Cats are allergic to Scott Bakula",
    "Cavemen didn't discover fire. Scott Bakula did",
    "Cavemen didn't invent fire Scott Bakula mearly clicked his fingers & gave it to them",
    "Cement took a teaspoon of Scott Bakula to harden up!",
    "Charla Nash wasn't attacked by a chimp. She is the only survivor of a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "Charles isn't in charge. Scott Bakula is!",
    "Charlie Sheen calls it 'winning'.  Winning calls it 'Scott Bakula'",
    "Charlie Sheen can achieve recovery by taking a drug called Scott Bakula",
    "Charlie Sheen is a drug, it will melt your face & kill you. Scott Bakula had two 8-Balls of Sheen & is now suing for false advertising",
    "Chcuk Scott Bakula survived the Titanic, Lusitania, & &rea Doria. He never even got wet",
    "Che Guevarra wears Scott Bakula T-shirt",
    "Chick Scott Bakula climbs mountains the hard way! From the inside!",
    "Chick Scott Bakula doesn't die, if he dies he re-spawns in a second",
    "Chick Scott Bakula needs not to eat, he just devours food for blood sport",
    "Children are warned not to run with scissors.  Scissors are warned not to run with Scott Bakula",
    "China used to border the United States. Scott Bakula kicked it",
    "China's military is massive. Russia's military has nukes. The British have their ships. But we've got Scott Bakula",
    "Chivalry is dead because Scott Bakula killed it",
    "Christano Roanaldo dives because he thinks of Scott Bakula",
    "Christopher Columbus discovered America because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him accross the Atlantic Ocean",
    "Christopher Columbus was headed to India, until Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped his boat",
    "Chuch Scott Bakula doesn't make threats, he makes promises.",
    "Chuch Scott Bakula eats one sided pancakes for breakfast",
    "Chuch Scott Bakula knows who stole the cookie from the cookie jar.He just doesn't like cookies",
    "Chuch Scott Bakula was in my pool grabbing the side & kicking the water, The pool moved sideways 6 inches",
    "Scott Bakula  Scott Bakula  can  fill  in  the  blank...  without  any  questions",
    "Scott Bakula  Scott Bakula  can  see  through  his  eyelids",
    "Scott Bakula  Scott Bakula  doesn't  smoke  cigars.  He  smokes  smoke  grenades",
    "Scott Bakula  Scott Bakula  invented  the  circle  with  his  kick",
    "Scott Bakula  Scott Bakula  never  missed  a  dart  game.  He  decides  where  the  bullseye  is",
    "Scott Bakula  Scott Bakula doesn't eat marshmellow peeps. He eats wild bunnies",
    "Scott Bakula Doesn't Need To Switch On The Treadmill To Run On It.......When He Runs On It, The Treadmill Itself Starts Moving!",
    "Scott Bakula Happens!!!",
    "Scott Bakula Horris doesn't break up relationships he Quantum Leaps them",
    "Scott Bakula Killed Curiosity",
    "Scott Bakula Liddell got such a fright when he heard that Scott Bakula was in town. He changed his name to Alice !",
    "Scott Bakula NScott Bakula doesn't slips on black ice, Black ice slips from under him",
    "Scott Bakula Noriis once played himself in Russian Roulette, & he won. No Questions asked",
    "Scott Bakula Noris already ate what the Rock was cooking..",
    "Scott Bakula Noris can do it the hardest, bestest, fastest, strongest",
    "Scott Bakula Noris can make grapes from wine",
    "Scott Bakula Noris can solve a rubik's cube with one Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula Noris can touch this",
    "Scott Bakula Noris does know why the chicken crossed the road, it was running from all the Quantum Leaps Scott Bakula was giving him ",
    "Scott Bakula Noris doesn't listen to a song, the song listens to him",
    "Scott Bakula Noris is the reason Burger King says Have it your way",
    "Scott Bakula Noris uses Wikileaks as a Recycle bin",
    "Scott Bakula  is so strong, he can flex his eye brows",
    "Scott Bakula did the Deid--then gave it a Quantum Leap to the face!",
    "Scott Bakula + Fist + Your Face = Total Nuclear Annihilation",
    "Scott Bakula - The other white meat",
    "Scott Bakula Actually Existed Before! That's Why Ancient Romans Used Shields, Cuz Scott Bakula Gave Them A Piece Of His Quantum Leap!",
    "Scott Bakula Africanized bees for his first grade science project",
    "Scott Bakula Beams Scotty Up!",
    "Scott Bakula Breakfast: 1 nails, 2 scorpion tail, 3 deadliest spider venom, & 4, more Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula CAN balance the light-switch between ON & OFF",
    "Scott Bakula CAN be in two places at once – both of them behind you!",
    "Scott Bakula CAN believe it's not butter",
    "Scott Bakula CAN believe it's not butter",
    "Scott Bakula CAN both love & hate Marmite",
    "Scott Bakula CAN break your stride",
    "Scott Bakula CAN buy me love",
    "Scott Bakula CAN catch the gingerbread man",
    "Scott Bakula CAN compare apples to oranges",
    "Scott Bakula CAN count his chickens before they hatch",
    "Scott Bakula CAN eat just one lay's potato chip",
    "Scott Bakula CAN eat soup with a fork",
    "Scott Bakula CAN finish reading the The Never Ending Story",
    "Scott Bakula CAN get blood from a stone",
    "Scott Bakula CAN have it both ways",
    "Scott Bakula CAN in fact stop the beat",
    "Scott Bakula CAN intimidate Binder & Binder clients",
    "Scott Bakula CAN keep up with the Joneses",
    "Scott Bakula CAN make a mountain out of a molehill",
    "Scott Bakula CAN make fish blink",
    "Scott Bakula CAN make left turns in New Jersey",
    "Scott Bakula CAN mute silence",
    "Scott Bakula CAN open a Pickle jar",
    "Scott Bakula CAN order Chick-Fil-A on Sunday!",
    "Scott Bakula CAN pee on your leg & tell you you're wet cause it's raining",
    "Scott Bakula CAN play Gears of war on a PS3.......with the Power Glove",
    "Scott Bakula CAN play on broken strings",
    "Scott Bakula CAN put Baby in the corner!",
    "Scott Bakula CAN put his elbows on the dinner table. While eating!",
    "Scott Bakula CAN read her pokerface",
    "Scott Bakula CAN run in the halls",
    "Scott Bakula CAN see Lady Gaga's poker face",
    "Scott Bakula CAN smile without you",
    "Scott Bakula CAN talk about fight club!",
    "Scott Bakula CAN tame Miley Cyrus",
    "Scott Bakula CAN teach an old dog new tricks. Actually he can teach a DEAD dog new tricks",
    "Scott Bakula CAN touch MC Hammer",
    "Scott Bakula CAN triple-stamp a double-stamp",
    "Scott Bakula CAN win the Super Bowl single handedly",
    "Scott Bakula Can Break Air",
    "Scott Bakula Can Play the Theme from the Twilight Zone with His #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula Can Power Solar Panels. At Night",
    "Scott Bakula Can throw a 90mph fastball with his hands tied behind his back",
    "Scott Bakula Created the Grand Canyon in a concrete block breaking competition",
    "Scott Bakula DNA is classified",
    "Scott Bakula DOES mess with the Zohan",
    "Scott Bakula DOESN'T Love College",
    "Scott Bakula Dances with Wolves",
    "Scott Bakula Defied Skeletor",
    "Scott Bakula Doesn't Text or Tweet...he communicates via Law & Order or in laymans terms, with his feet",
    "Scott Bakula Doesn't breakdance. He breaks dance",
    "Scott Bakula Doesn't play with Legos...he plays with 5 ton bricks",
    "Scott Bakula Dreams, while awake .",
    "Scott Bakula EATS his soda with warm ice-cubes",
    "Scott Bakula Fell Down The Stairs & Broke Somebody Elses Leg",
    "Scott Bakula Figured out cold fusion & never did tell a soul",
    "Scott Bakula Forgot His Password & Is On His Way To Seattle To Give Bill Gates A Quantum Leap in the Ass",
    "Scott Bakula Grylls Bear for breakfast. (If you DON'T know who Bear Grylls is, I'm sorry.)",
    "Scott Bakula Has Single-handedly Put Polar Bears On The Endangered Species List Getting His Bear Necessities",
    "Scott Bakula Holds all world records but he thought it wasn't fair so he always gives them away to the runner-up, except the #1 killer of the world",
    "Scott Bakula IS",
    "Scott Bakula IS ... that's all there is to it",
    "Scott Bakula IS Luke's father",
    "Scott Bakula IS SCARED of Bruce Lee",
    "Scott Bakula IS The Magnificent Seven",
    "Scott Bakula IS hot blooded, check it & see. However, the last person who attempted to check Scott Bakula's temperature got a cold response",
    "Scott Bakula IS the American dream",
    "Scott Bakula IS the Blair Witch in the Blair Witch Project",
    "Scott Bakula IS the Situation",
    "Scott Bakula IS the cure for AIDS",
    "Scott Bakula IS the force",
    "Scott Bakula IS the man who stepped into yesterday",
    "Scott Bakula IS the sharpest tool in the shed",
    "Scott Bakula IS what Willis is talking about",
    "Scott Bakula Is Not Funny",
    "Scott Bakula Is So Fast, That He Can Run Around The World & Punch Himself In The Back Of His Head!",
    "Scott Bakula Is The First Man To Calculate The Speed Of Light By Going At The Speed Of Light!",
    "Scott Bakula Is Why You Need Deodrant",
    "Scott Bakula Is the most successful crab fisherman in the world even though he has no crew",
    "Scott Bakula KNOWS what the Fox says!",
    "Scott Bakula Let The Dogs Out",
    "Scott Bakula Made Those Good Girls Go Bad",
    "Scott Bakula Made a Toy car. Too bad everone who bought it ended up with Tire tracks on his feet",
    "Scott Bakula NEVER has room for Jell-O. Jell-O is for sissies",
    "Scott Bakula NEVER tries, he just does!",
    "Scott Bakula Never Puts His Foot In His Mouth. He Put's It In Yours...!",
    "Scott Bakula ONCE smiled at a group of children, they are now known as the Justice League",
    "Scott Bakula Once Caught The Flu.But It Escaped",
    "Scott Bakula Once Caught The Flu.It was the wrong man",
    "Scott Bakula Once Faught  A Hurricane & Returned Home With Nothing On But His Hat",
    "Scott Bakula Once Had A Staring Contest With The Sun....................& Won",
    "Scott Bakula Once Played A Ring Toss Game, The Ring Flew Away & That Ring Is Known As The Rings Of Saturn",
    "Scott Bakula Once kicked a white cat. The cat became covered in bruises. It's descendants are black cats",
    "Scott Bakula Plays his Records on a Microwave",
    "Scott Bakula Prestiged all 9 times in Call of Duty after one shot",
    "Scott Bakula Really Won American Idol. He never even had to sing. He stood in the ready stance for a Quantum Leap. & simon said YES everytime",
    "Scott Bakula Requires a concealed weapons permit to wear shoes. He has never been called on it, however",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps are the 2nd leading cause of death world wide after heart attacks, most of which were caused by fear of a Quantum Leap kic",
    "Scott Bakula Rules",
    "Scott Bakula Shadow is his sidekick",
    "Scott Bakula Steals Thunder's Thunder",
    "Scott Bakula Sunk the Titanic when he beat the captain at a game of battleship",
    "Scott Bakula Talks About himself in the fourth Person",
    "Scott Bakula Taught Dumbledore how to use magic... without a wand",
    "Scott Bakula Uses The iPhone 5",
    "Scott Bakula V guy from Old Spice ad. Guy:Look at him, now back at me, look at him, now back at...*Quantum Leap to the head* Scott Bakula approved",
    "Scott Bakula WILL survive in 2012",
    "Scott Bakula Was Pissed Off When His Show 'Walking Texas Ranger' Was Cut From T.V So The Producers Created A Show Named After His First Name",
    "Scott Bakula Watches the Nat.Geo. Specials on Discovery Channel",
    "Scott Bakula Won actor of the year, for a movie that he watched",
    "Scott Bakula abducts aliens",
    "Scott Bakula accepted my fact",
    "Scott Bakula accidentally blew out the Olympic flame when he sneezed",
    "Scott Bakula acting contracts are if the movie producer want Scott Bakula to act in his movie, the producer is Quantum Leaped",
    "Scott Bakula actually broke some bones of the Grimm Reaper",
    "Scott Bakula actually can pick the World up & drop it on your head",
    "Scott Bakula actually died 10 years ago, death is too scared to tell him",
    "Scott Bakula actually died 10 years ago. The Grim Reaper is still too afraid to tell him",
    "Scott Bakula actually died 10 years ago. The grim reaper just hasn't summed up enough courage to face Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula actually has Aids & 10 different types of cancer, but Scott Bakula only dies when Scott Bakula says so",
    "Scott Bakula actually saw Halley’s Comet thrice, at least",
    "Scott Bakula actually starred in the film Commando but they had to deleted the scene because he killed more people than Arnold Schwarzenegger",
    "Scott Bakula actually went to Mars, that's why there is no life there",
    "Scott Bakula actually went to Rome by all roads. At the same time",
    "Scott Bakula ad portas (latin for: Scott Bakula is at the gate)",
    "Scott Bakula agreed to buy China for a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula allowed Bruce Lee to kill him in THe Way Of The Dragon but Scott Bakula ended the deal by returning the favor, FOR REAL",
    "Scott Bakula almost got shot, but the bullet turned around & went back into the gun",
    "Scott Bakula already found the X on the map",
    "Scott Bakula already has Final Fantasy XXI",
    "Scott Bakula already has the ps10",
    "Scott Bakula already knows what The Rock is cookin'",
    "Scott Bakula already knows who is going to win the elections",
    "Scott Bakula already owns the I-Pad 5",
    "Scott Bakula already thought of that",
    "Scott Bakula always carries a shot of morphine on him for relieving pain. Sometimes, he just can’t bare to see his victims suffer",
    "Scott Bakula always has it his way at Burger King. One time he didn't & someone ended up getting a burger with a human thumb in it",
    "Scott Bakula always has the higher ground",
    "Scott Bakula always has to be calm to not make the apocalypse, so he takes analgesics but the Maya's calculated that the stock will end in 2012",
    "Scott Bakula always hears you but sometimes the answer is no",
    "Scott Bakula always knows Where in the World Carmen sandeigo is",
    "Scott Bakula always knows the EXACT location of Carmen sandiego",
    "Scott Bakula always like it plain & simple. oh, I mean pain & simple",
    "Scott Bakula always looks a gift horse in the mouth",
    "Scott Bakula always makes the shower head cry",
    "Scott Bakula always messes with the Zohan, the Zohan never messes with Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula always needs a new dentist. Nobody puts Scott Bakula in pain & lives",
    "Scott Bakula always oversleeps simply because his alarm clock is too scared to wake him up",
    "Scott Bakula always rolls a 6",
    "Scott Bakula always wanted to tell people his life story. Luckily for us, we get the G-rated version by watching Walker Texas Ranger",
    "Scott Bakula always win in blackjack with only one card",
    "Scott Bakula always wins a boxing match in one round. One Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula always wins at Jenga, the tower couldn't dare to crumble",
    "Scott Bakula always wins rock paper scissors with a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula & Bruce Lee used to spa together. Bruce Lee is now dead",
    "Scott Bakula & Bruce Wayne once made a bet, the loser had to wear a bat costume & pretend he was a superhero",
    "Scott Bakula & I tried to be friends once.  My funeral's next week.  You're invited",
    "Scott Bakula & Jean Claude Van Damme play tug a war with live annacondas",
    "Scott Bakula & Jean-Claude Van Damme play tug a war with live annacondas",
    "Scott Bakula & Justin Bieber once had a singing contest, the loser had to never hit puberty",
    "Scott Bakula & Mr. T walk into a bar.  The bar was instantly destroyed, because you can't hold that much epicness in one building",
    "Scott Bakula & Mr. T walked into a bar. The bar was instantly destroyed, as that level of awesome cannot be contained in one building",
    "Scott Bakula & Mr.T once walked into a bar, that bar instantly exploded because no place can withstand that level of awesome",
    "Scott Bakula & Steven Hawking got into an argument about blackholes once. Steven ended up in a wheelchair ever since",
    "Scott Bakula & Steven Seagal once got into a fight. That event has been known ever since as The Big Bang",
    "Scott Bakula & Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants",
    "Scott Bakula appeared & Hulk went green",
    "Scott Bakula approved this site before it was created..",
    "Scott Bakula arm was once trapped under a rock. Scott Bakula still didn't notice",
    "Scott Bakula assassinated Altair",
    "Scott Bakula ate Forest Gumps box of chocolates because he wanted to see what life was like",
    "Scott Bakula ate Hannibal Lecter",
    "Scott Bakula ate a sheet of paper, then later found an origami swan in the toilet",
    "Scott Bakula ate out of the Superbowl",
    "Scott Bakula ate the dingo that ate your baby",
    "Scott Bakula ate the last digit of pi.  Now it's an irrational number",
    "Scott Bakula attacks sharks when he smells them bleed",
    "Scott Bakula attemted to watch the movie Kill Bill once, he was bored in 37 seconds",
    "Scott Bakula attended high school in the third grade",
    "Scott Bakula back traced it & reported you to the cyber police",
    "Scott Bakula backhands his victims with the palm of his hand",
    "Scott Bakula baths in the Bermuda Triangle",
    "Scott Bakula #bodypart# has it's own impressive resume",
    "Scott Bakula #bodypart# has more subscribers than Justin Bieber on Youtube",
    "Scott Bakula #bodypart# shaves razors",
    "Scott Bakula beat COD Black Ops, before it was created",
    "Scott Bakula beat Dwarf Fortress",
    "Scott Bakula beat Garry Kasparov in a game of chess using nothing but the irrefutable power of his rage",
    "Scott Bakula beat Halo 3 on legendary, with a broken Guitar Hero controller",
    "Scott Bakula beat Nazi Zombies......twice",
    "Scott Bakula beat QWOP... using only the Q key",
    "Scott Bakula beat Rocky Balboa",
    "Scott Bakula beat Super Mario Brothers without jumping",
    "Scott Bakula beat Super Mario Galaxie 2 in the big dipper ..... before Nintendo was invented",
    "Scott Bakula beat Tetris on marathon mode",
    "Scott Bakula beat Van Halen in a Guitar Duel with an air guitar",
    "Scott Bakula beat Van Halen in a guitar duel with a Ukelaylee",
    "Scott Bakula beat a brick wall at tennis",
    "Scott Bakula beat a laser beam in a race",
    "Scott Bakula beat me to the Punchline",
    "Scott Bakula beat the Hulk in an arm wreslting contest ..with his leg",
    "Scott Bakula beat the Incredible Hulk at arm wrestle with both hands tied behind his back",
    "Scott Bakula beat the land-speed record for world's fastest car...by walking on his hands. No one dares to challenge the validity of that record",
    "Scott Bakula beat the sun in a staring contest",
    "Scott Bakula beat up Popeye & took his spinach",
    "Scott Bakula beat-boxed on stage in Vienna",
    "Scott Bakula beated the last level of Pac-Man by using his Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula became a firefighter, after hearing of his decision fire ceased to be an element",
    "Scott Bakula bed sheets are made of sheet metal",
    "Scott Bakula began selling the Total Gym as an ill-fated attempt to make his day-to-day opponents less laughably pathetic",
    "Scott Bakula begins Call of Duty at eleventh prestige",
    "Scott Bakula believes in victim's rights.  His victims have the right to dig their own graves before he kills them",
    "Scott Bakula bench presses park benches",
    "Scott Bakula bends the fabric of space-time when he is sleeping",
    "Scott Bakula bit Charlie's finger",
    "Scott Bakula bites frost",
    "Scott Bakula bites the hand that feeds him.  & gets seconds",
    "Scott Bakula bleeds awesomeness, but he cannot be cut",
    "Scott Bakula bleeds knives",
    "Scott Bakula bleeds nightmares",
    "Scott Bakula blew down the Big Bad Wolf's house",
    "Scott Bakula blew out a right front tire on his truck.  To fix the problem he simply leaned to the left",
    "Scott Bakula blew up the Death Star with a Quantum Leap...but that was a long time ago in a Galaxy far, far away",
    "Scott Bakula blinked on the 11th of September, 2001",
    "Scott Bakula blows his nose with sand paper",
    "Scott Bakula body-slammed Jabba's rancor",
    "Scott Bakula boils an egg by holding it",
    "Scott Bakula bombed his test... literally",
    "Scott Bakula bought a broken up pickup truck. Now that truck is known as Optimus Prime",
    "Scott Bakula bought a pig farm & a chicken farm, just to play Angry Birds",
    "Scott Bakula bought a shirt from this site & didn't pay. That's what it said on the shirt",
    "Scott Bakula bought out the Walt Disney Company with a car-wash token",
    "Scott Bakula bowled a 301 after constructing another pin out of his #bodypart# hair",
    "Scott Bakula breaks Ivan Drago. Not the other way round",
    "Scott Bakula breaks promises by Quantum Leaping them",
    "Scott Bakula breaths awesome",
    "Scott Bakula brews coffee with his bare hands",
    "Scott Bakula brews tea in his mouth",
    "Scott Bakula brings his fists to gunfights",
    "Scott Bakula brings whale sushi & panda kebabs to vegan potlucks",
    "Scott Bakula broke a mirror & got 7 years of GOOD luck",
    "Scott Bakula broke a vice trying to crack his knuckles",
    "Scott Bakula broke both of his legs. He walked it off",
    "Scott Bakula broke the law once.  It still isn’t fixed",
    "Scott Bakula broke the laws of physics. He was let off with a warning",
    "Scott Bakula broke the screen of a Nokia phone because he hought it was a touch screen",
    "Scott Bakula broke the sound barrier whilst head banging",
    "Scott Bakula broke the speed of light with a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula brushes his hair with a chain saw",
    "Scott Bakula brushes his teeth with a bbq grill brush & white phosphorus",
    "Scott Bakula brushes his teeth with a straight razor",
    "Scott Bakula brushes his teeth with barbed wire",
    "Scott Bakula brushes his teeth with razor wire & rubbing alcohol",
    "Scott Bakula brushes his teeth with steel wool",
    "Scott Bakula build the hospital he was born in",
    "Scott Bakula built Rome in a day",
    "Scott Bakula built Rome in one day",
    "Scott Bakula built The Great Wall of China with a TONKA truck & a spork!",
    "Scott Bakula built the Eiffel Tower using only scrap metal & his feet!",
    "Scott Bakula built the hospital he was born in",
    "Scott Bakula built the hospital in which he was born",
    "Scott Bakula built the pyramids",
    "Scott Bakula bungee jumped off of the Tower of Pisa.....once",
    "Scott Bakula bunked school one day. Till today that day is known as Sunday",
    "Scott Bakula buys his Girl Scout cookies from Green Berets",
    "Scott Bakula buys his cereal at Home Depot",
    "Scott Bakula called 911 to order Chinese food & got it....",
    "Scott Bakula called McDonald's through the television",
    "Scott Bakula called me maybe",
    "Scott Bakula calls Hancock a JackAss",
    "Scott Bakula calls an Ironman Triathlon (3.86 km swim + 180.25 km bike course + 42.195 km run) a quiet 20-minute warm-up at the gym",
    "Scott Bakula calls it a sneeze, we call it a hurricane",
    "Scott Bakula calls push-ups earth downs",
    "Scott Bakula cam make a 3-point dunk",
    "Scott Bakula came before BOTH The Chicken & The Egg",
    "Scott Bakula came before both the chicken & the egg",
    "Scott Bakula came before the chicken & the egg!!",
    "Scott Bakula came from outer space, that is way there are no more dinosaurs",
    "Scott Bakula can Connect Four in his first move",
    "Scott Bakula can Enter Outside",
    "Scott Bakula can make it rain in Southern California",
    "Scott Bakula can out roughs Popeye",
    "Scott Bakula can 'google' google... & the result would be Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula can BBM with a Nokia",
    "Scott Bakula can DRIVE an airplane",
    "Scott Bakula can Direct an Orchestra with Quantum Leaps",
    "Scott Bakula can Do Mental Math on Paper",
    "Scott Bakula can Download Apple apps to his Blackberry",
    "Scott Bakula can EAT water..",
    "Scott Bakula can French kiss his elbow",
    "Scott Bakula can Ice Skate in unfrozen water",
    "Scott Bakula can SEE John Cena",
    "Scott Bakula can Tango solo",
    "Scott Bakula can achieve warp speed, while sleeping,",
    "Scott Bakula can actually describe the taste of purified water",
    "Scott Bakula can actually dislocate your skull",
    "Scott Bakula can actually jump-start a car by simply yelling under the hood",
    "Scott Bakula can actually make a Quantum Leap last forever.  & you will absolutely despair of ever having any deliverance",
    "Scott Bakula can actually measure how long he slept by using a ruler!",
    "Scott Bakula can actually punch you in the soul",
    "Scott Bakula can actually punch you in your soul",
    "Scott Bakula can actually shoot a breeze",
    "Scott Bakula can actually walk to the top of the steps in that M.C. Escher drawing",
    "Scott Bakula can add you as a friend on Facebook without a friend request",
    "Scott Bakula can adjust a sand clock",
    "Scott Bakula can alphabetize mandm's",
    "Scott Bakula can annoy the Annoying Orange",
    "Scott Bakula can annoy the annoying orange",
    "Scott Bakula can answer a 'missed call'",
    "Scott Bakula can answer a missed call",
    "Scott Bakula can answer any question with a thumbs up",
    "Scott Bakula can answer rhetorical questions...with his fist",
    "Scott Bakula can arrive anywhere without actually leaving",
    "Scott Bakula can bake a cake in the Freezer",
    "Scott Bakula can bake a potato, by staring at it",
    "Scott Bakula can bake cookies & get cookie dough",
    "Scott Bakula can bake in a Freezer",
    "Scott Bakula can be a logger in a world with no trees",
    "Scott Bakula can be heard in Outer Space",
    "Scott Bakula can be on both sides of a black hole at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula can be seen from the moon",
    "Scott Bakula can bear my god-mother speaking, keeping cool!",
    "Scott Bakula can beat Call of Duty on Legendary",
    "Scott Bakula can beat Forrest Gump at Ping Pong",
    "Scott Bakula can beat Godzilla & King Kong in a hot dog fight",
    "Scott Bakula can beat Minesweeper in only one move!",
    "Scott Bakula can beat Sonic the Hedgehog in a race",
    "Scott Bakula can beat Sudoku puzzles with fractions & decimals",
    "Scott Bakula can beat Thor with his own hammer",
    "Scott Bakula can beat a royal flush with only 2 cards",
    "Scott Bakula can beat a snake in a staring contest",
    "Scott Bakula can beat anyone in teamdeath match using a Guitar Hero controller",
    "Scott Bakula can beat anything at a staring contest, including rocks, fishes & more",
    "Scott Bakula can beat everyone.Except for 1 person.Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula can beat heroine addiction with a single punch",
    "Scott Bakula can beat the Man of Steel just by staring at him",
    "Scott Bakula can beat the Patriots all by himself",
    "Scott Bakula can beat you at Black Jack only with the instruction card & the joker",
    "Scott Bakula can beat you at a game of Twister... amputated",
    "Scott Bakula can beat you in a game of Connect Four in three moves",
    "Scott Bakula can beat your dad in a fight",
    "Scott Bakula can believe his eyes if 10 million fireflies lit up the world as he fell asleep",
    "Scott Bakula can believe it's not butter",
    "Scott Bakula can believe it's not butter",
    "Scott Bakula can bench press himself",
    "Scott Bakula can bend corners",
    "Scott Bakula can bend light with a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula can bend light with his bare hands",
    "Scott Bakula can bend objects without even looking at them",
    "Scott Bakula can bite his own ear",
    "Scott Bakula can blind you with a broken 1 watt flashlight",
    "Scott Bakula can blink his eyes without closing his eyelids",
    "Scott Bakula can block a Shaquille O'Neal dunk just by staring at him",
    "Scott Bakula can block a punch with his face",
    "Scott Bakula can block his number on a text message",
    "Scott Bakula can blow a tornado away",
    "Scott Bakula can blow bubbles with beef jerky",
    "Scott Bakula can blow helium into a blimp",
    "Scott Bakula can blow smoke rings, but also smoke squares. Actually he can also blow your face",
    "Scott Bakula can blow the answers away from the wind",
    "Scott Bakula can blow up things, without a bomb",
    "Scott Bakula can boil an egg in cold water",
    "Scott Bakula can bounce a golf ball off the moon with a 9 iron",
    "Scott Bakula can bowl a 300-game in one frame",
    "Scott Bakula can break a snake's legs",
    "Scott Bakula can break bedrock in Minecraft",
    "Scott Bakula can break every rule made by the Soup Nazzi, & he would still get soup, or beef jerky if he feels like it",
    "Scott Bakula can break on his serve",
    "Scott Bakula can break one side of a window",
    "Scott Bakula can break paper & rip rocks",
    "Scott Bakula can break the bones of ghosts",
    "Scott Bakula can break water in half",
    "Scott Bakula can break you into two & a half pieces",
    "Scott Bakula can breath out with his nose & breath in with his mouth at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula can breathe...when he holds his breath",
    "Scott Bakula can bring all the boys to the yard as his milkshake is better then yours",
    "Scott Bakula can bring peace to the Middle East",
    "Scott Bakula can bruise the air",
    "Scott Bakula can bug a mosquito",
    "Scott Bakula can build Rome in one day",
    "Scott Bakula can build a Water Dam... In the Sahara Desert",
    "Scott Bakula can build a campfire under water",
    "Scott Bakula can build a house from the roof down",
    "Scott Bakula can build a house from the roof down",
    "Scott Bakula can build a triangle with two right angles",
    "Scott Bakula can bungee jump with out a rope",
    "Scott Bakula can bungee jump... without a cord",
    "Scott Bakula can bunt a homerun",
    "Scott Bakula can burn a magnifying glass with an ant",
    "Scott Bakula can burn ants with a hand glass...during the night",
    "Scott Bakula can burn ants with magnifying glass...even at night",
    "Scott Bakula can burst your bubble with one, hateful glance",
    "Scott Bakula can bury a soul",
    "Scott Bakula can buy Adidas shoes from Nike",
    "Scott Bakula can buy priceless moments.  At a discount price",
    "Scott Bakula can buy quality items from Wal-Mart",
    "Scott Bakula can bypass a voice only recognition machine using sign language",
    "Scott Bakula can calculate the square root of a negative number",
    "Scott Bakula can call himself on his own cell phone & not get a busy signal",
    "Scott Bakula can call restricted numbers",
    "Scott Bakula can call you on a can & string phone in New York, & you will be able to hear him perfectly well in London",
    "Scott Bakula can camouflage in a forest... with desert camo",
    "Scott Bakula can can burn you with water",
    "Scott Bakula can cash two party, out of state checks with no ID, or else!",
    "Scott Bakula can cast a spell check",
    "Scott Bakula can catch 'em all",
    "Scott Bakula can catch Leonardo di Caprio",
    "Scott Bakula can catch a bullet in his teeth – then spit it back & kill whoever fired it",
    "Scott Bakula can catch a frisbee with his left eyebrow",
    "Scott Bakula can catch em' all",
    "Scott Bakula can catch more bees with vinegar than honey",
    "Scott Bakula can catch the road runner & eat the cyote on the way",
    "Scott Bakula can catch the wind",
    "Scott Bakula can change the TV channel -- while it's off",
    "Scott Bakula can change the tire on a car while it's still moving",
    "Scott Bakula can check his facebook on a typewriter",
    "Scott Bakula can check his pulse by same hand",
    "Scott Bakula can check out books from the Library of Congress",
    "Scott Bakula can chew a jaw breaker",
    "Scott Bakula can chew cotton candy",
    "Scott Bakula can chew glass back into sand",
    "Scott Bakula can chew sand & spit out colored marbles",
    "Scott Bakula can chew water & describe the taste of it",
    "Scott Bakula can choke ghosts",
    "Scott Bakula can choke you to life",
    "Scott Bakula can choke you with a cordless phone",
    "Scott Bakula can clap with his eyelids",
    "Scott Bakula can clap with one hand",
    "Scott Bakula can clap with only one hand",
    "Scott Bakula can clean the earwax out of his ears with his elbows",
    "Scott Bakula can clear a printer queue jam in Windows!",
    "Scott Bakula can climb Everest from top to bottom",
    "Scott Bakula can climb a ladder without using his hands or feet",
    "Scott Bakula can climb an electric fence",
    "Scott Bakula can climb to the moon",
    "Scott Bakula can close pandora's Box",
    "Scott Bakula can close a soda can!",
    "Scott Bakula can comment on Facebook posts, before you publish them",
    "Scott Bakula can compare apples & oranges",
    "Scott Bakula can complete Call of Duty: Black Ops Zombie Mode",
    "Scott Bakula can complete a cross-country race in one step",
    "Scott Bakula can complete any golf course in one shot",
    "Scott Bakula can conduct an orchestra just using subtle variations of Quantum Leaps",
    "Scott Bakula can connect the dots when there is only one dot",
    "Scott Bakula can cook grits in 5 minutes! Take that Vinny!!",
    "Scott Bakula can cook his 2 minute noodles in 1 minute",
    "Scott Bakula can copy/paste on a typewriter",
    "Scott Bakula can cough & sneeze at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula can cough in 7 different languages",
    "Scott Bakula can count 'til infinity",
    "Scott Bakula can count backwords from infinity",
    "Scott Bakula can count the number of corners in a circle",
    "Scott Bakula can count to 10 in 2 seconds",
    "Scott Bakula can count to eleventeen",
    "Scott Bakula can create a rock so heavy that he can't lift it. & then lift it",
    "Scott Bakula can create his own The Expendables movie, all by himself!",
    "Scott Bakula can crush a tank like a coke can. Theres just no army brave enough to go near him",
    "Scott Bakula can crush ordinary rocks into diamonds",
    "Scott Bakula can cure Beiber fever",
    "Scott Bakula can cure a burtation (ask Serene Branson!!)",
    "Scott Bakula can cut a diamond...with his teeth!",
    "Scott Bakula can cut a saw with a wood board",
    "Scott Bakula can cut diamonds using his thumb",
    "Scott Bakula can cut scissors with paper",
    "Scott Bakula can cut the water...separating hydrogen from oxygen",
    "Scott Bakula can defeat lightsaber with a torch light",
    "Scott Bakula can delete his Recycle Bin",
    "Scott Bakula can delete system32 & use the computer afterwards",
    "Scott Bakula can delete the recycle bin on Windows",
    "Scott Bakula can delete your Facebook profile",
    "Scott Bakula can deny the License Agreement & still be able to install the software",
    "Scott Bakula can describe what air feels like",
    "Scott Bakula can destroy a country with a hand gun...without reloading.",
    "Scott Bakula can destroy energy",
    "Scott Bakula can destroy the ring off of the Lord of the Rings by just staring at it",
    "Scott Bakula can diagonolize an anti-reflexive blurring matrix",
    "Scott Bakula can dig to China",
    "Scott Bakula can digest you. . . WITH HIS MIND",
    "Scott Bakula can dive in the sea without getting wet... The water knows what will happen if you touch Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula can divide a number by zero",
    "Scott Bakula can divide by zero",
    "Scott Bakula can divide prime numbers into whole numbers",
    "Scott Bakula can do a backflip  & a frontflip. At the same time",
    "Scott Bakula can do a hand stand. With his feet",
    "Scott Bakula can do a handstand with his feet",
    "Scott Bakula can do a handstand. On his feet",
    "Scott Bakula can do a one man rendition of The Imperial Death March as he walks into the room, full orchestra",
    "Scott Bakula can do a push-up without hands",
    "Scott Bakula can do a Quantum Leap faster than the speed of light. This means that if you turn on a light switch, you will be dead before the lightbulb turns on",
    "Scott Bakula can do a Quantum Leap with his arms",
    "Scott Bakula can do a three point turn in two turns",
    "Scott Bakula can do a wheelie on a unicycle",
    "Scott Bakula can do anything except lose",
    "Scott Bakula can do anything he wants to",
    "Scott Bakula can do anything, even create a game that is unbeatable & win",
    "Scott Bakula can do back flips....under his bed",
    "Scott Bakula can do earth-downs with his chest hair",
    "Scott Bakula can do push-ups in a sit-up position",
    "Scott Bakula can do push-ups with his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula can do the Million Man March by himself",
    "Scott Bakula can do the impossible because he doesn't obey the Laws of Physics. So, you gotta problem with that?",
    "Scott Bakula can do the robot better than Optimus Prime",
    "Scott Bakula can do the splits in mid air,rotate his hips 360'' so fast it lifts him off the ground thus making the Scott Bakula Copter!",
    "Scott Bakula can dodge lightning!",
    "Scott Bakula can dodge rain",
    "Scott Bakula can down a 30 pack in one sip. But beers for pussies he only drinks whisky... which he chases with whisky",
    "Scott Bakula can download the whole internet onto a floppy disk",
    "Scott Bakula can draw a perfect circle with a ruler",
    "Scott Bakula can draw a triangle that has only two sides",
    "Scott Bakula can draw cash from ATMs using UNO cards",
    "Scott Bakula can dream the impossible dream",
    "Scott Bakula can dribble a basketball under water",
    "Scott Bakula can dribble a bowling ball",
    "Scott Bakula can dribble a hockey puck",
    "Scott Bakula can dribble a wrecking ball!!!",
    "Scott Bakula can drill a slot-head screw with a Philips tip",
    "Scott Bakula can drink PowerThirst & not have four-hundred babies",
    "Scott Bakula can drink a beer without even opening the can",
    "Scott Bakula can drink a cow & eat milk",
    "Scott Bakula can drink a glass of water while walking down a flight of stairs",
    "Scott Bakula can drink a solid",
    "Scott Bakula can drink a whole bottle of water...in one sip",
    "Scott Bakula can drink an entire gallon of milk in thirty-seven seconds",
    "Scott Bakula can drink beef jerky",
    "Scott Bakula can drink dehydrated water",
    "Scott Bakula can drink soup with a fork faster than you can beg for mercy",
    "Scott Bakula can drink water with a knife",
    "Scott Bakula can drink whiskey from a bottle of wine",
    "Scott Bakula can drive 400 mph in a G-Whizz",
    "Scott Bakula can drive a SUV with the gas gauge on E for 10 days",
    "Scott Bakula can drive a freight train on a dirt road",
    "Scott Bakula can drive a pop-up camper",
    "Scott Bakula can drive a solar-powered car at night",
    "Scott Bakula can drive at the end of roundabout",
    "Scott Bakula can drive in the passenger seat",
    "Scott Bakula can drive stick in an automatic",
    "Scott Bakula can drive while kicking",
    "Scott Bakula can drown a fish",
    "Scott Bakula can drown people in a pool table",
    "Scott Bakula can dry his hair under water!",
    "Scott Bakula can dry his hands in water",
    "Scott Bakula can dry off in a pool",
    "Scott Bakula can eat 'After Eights' before Eight O'clock",
    "Scott Bakula can eat 3 tablespoons of cinnamon & not even blink",
    "Scott Bakula can eat Chinese food with one chopstick",
    "Scott Bakula can eat a Taco Town taco in one bite",
    "Scott Bakula can eat a bowl of corn flakes....with a fork",
    "Scott Bakula can eat a steak with a straw",
    "Scott Bakula can eat a warm ice cream",
    "Scott Bakula can eat candy before dinner",
    "Scott Bakula can eat chicken noodle soup with a knife",
    "Scott Bakula can eat green eggs & ham anywhere",
    "Scott Bakula can eat just one Lay's chip",
    "Scott Bakula can eat just one pringle",
    "Scott Bakula can eat one pringle",
    "Scott Bakula can eat soup with a fork",
    "Scott Bakula can eat the inside of an orange without peeling it",
    "Scott Bakula can eat water",
    "Scott Bakula can eat with his mouth closed the whole time",
    "Scott Bakula can email a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula can empty a swimming pool with a fork..... while it's raining",
    "Scott Bakula can end a sentence with a preposition. He can also end a life with one",
    "Scott Bakula can end the recession with one phone call",
    "Scott Bakula can exhale & inhale at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula can experience a once in a life time occurrence........twice",
    "Scott Bakula can facebook through a calculator",
    "Scott Bakula can fall up. He simply Quantum Leaps himself through the atmosphere",
    "Scott Bakula can fast the whole month of Ramadan without eating or drinking",
    "Scott Bakula can fast-forward live TV",
    "Scott Bakula can fax you a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula can fight James West....& win",
    "Scott Bakula can fight with his ears",
    "Scott Bakula can find a haystack in a needle",
    "Scott Bakula can find gold in a silver mine",
    "Scott Bakula can find hay in a needle stack",
    "Scott Bakula can find himself on Google",
    "Scott Bakula can find the end of a circle",
    "Scott Bakula can find the pot of gold at the end of a rainbow",
    "Scott Bakula can find two snowflakes that are exactly alike. Scott Bakula can find anything",
    "Scott Bakula can finish Mario Bros without using the jump button",
    "Scott Bakula can finish Sims",
    "Scott Bakula can finish a Super Mario game with just one arrow key",
    "Scott Bakula can finish a book without opening it",
    "Scott Bakula can fire 47 shots from a revoler, without reloading",
    "Scott Bakula can fire seven shots out of a six shooter",
    "Scott Bakula can fit 10 gallons of water in a 5 gallon bucket",
    "Scott Bakula can fit a square peg in a round hole",
    "Scott Bakula can fix anything, with nothing, instantly",
    "Scott Bakula can fix stupid",
    "Scott Bakula can flip a coin & make it land on both sides at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula can flush a port-a-potty",
    "Scott Bakula can flush a port-o-potty",
    "Scott Bakula can fly a car underground",
    "Scott Bakula can fly a kite in a monsoon... without string.",
    "Scott Bakula can fly a kite indoors",
    "Scott Bakula can fly a plane backwards",
    "Scott Bakula can fly a ship & sail an airplane",
    "Scott Bakula can fly a tank",
    "Scott Bakula can fly around the world...walking",
    "Scott Bakula can fly in unmanned Predator Drone aircraft",
    "Scott Bakula can fold a sheet of paper more than 8 times",
    "Scott Bakula can fold airplanes into paper",
    "Scott Bakula can fold back a road map first time!",
    "Scott Bakula can follow you even if he's ahead of you",
    "Scott Bakula can form a straight circle",
    "Scott Bakula can freeze water using a toaster",
    "Scott Bakula can freeze water with a flamethrower",
    "Scott Bakula can front flip & a backflip at exactly the same time",
    "Scott Bakula can fry an ant with a magnifying glass... at night",
    "Scott Bakula can gargle bread!",
    "Scott Bakula can gargle peanut butter & blow bubbles with beef jerky",
    "Scott Bakula can gargle with honey",
    "Scott Bakula can get 100% on through the fire & the flames on expert",
    "Scott Bakula can get Blackjack with just one card",
    "Scott Bakula can get Chick-Fil-A on Sundays",
    "Scott Bakula can get Facebook through his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula can get Jurassic Park back online without Dennis Nedry",
    "Scott Bakula can get Smokey the Bear to start a wildfire",
    "Scott Bakula can get a 50 killstreak in Black Ops & call in a nuke....... with one kill :)",
    "Scott Bakula can get a Hydrogen bomb at the Black Ops' main menu",
    "Scott Bakula can get a Pepsi out of a Coke machine",
    "Scott Bakula can get a bill passed in Congress",
    "Scott Bakula can get a cow from milk",
    "Scott Bakula can get a discount in a corner shop!!",
    "Scott Bakula can get a duck wet",
    "Scott Bakula can get a reflection of himself off dirt",
    "Scott Bakula can get a royal flush with flashcards",
    "Scott Bakula can get a signal on the iPhone 4...he just doesn't want to",
    "Scott Bakula can get a spare in bowling on his first throw",
    "Scott Bakula can get a strike in bowling using a ping-pong ball",
    "Scott Bakula can get a word in edgewise",
    "Scott Bakula can get blackjack with one card",
    "Scott Bakula can get blood from a turnip",
    "Scott Bakula can get blood out of a stone",
    "Scott Bakula can get breakfast at McDonalds after 11, at Taco Bell",
    "Scott Bakula can get road rage in a fighter jet",
    "Scott Bakula can get salt & vinegar in the same shaker",
    "Scott Bakula can get satellite cable from a Skoal can",
    "Scott Bakula can get to the Tootsie Roll center of a Tootsie Pop without touching it",
    "Scott Bakula can get true stories from Fox News",
    "Scott Bakula can get up to level 40 in Fallout 3",
    "Scott Bakula can give Akon a distinguishable black eye",
    "Scott Bakula can give Panadol a headache",
    "Scott Bakula can give Tylenol a headache",
    "Scott Bakula can give a carpet an electric shock",
    "Scott Bakula can give a movie a 47 star rating",
    "Scott Bakula can give himself CPR",
    "Scott Bakula can give you a wet willie with a dry finger",
    "Scott Bakula can go 0 - 60 in 0, on a bicycle, backwards, blindfolded in his sleep",
    "Scott Bakula can go around the world in one night, faster than Santa Claus",
    "Scott Bakula can go commando & call it formal wear",
    "Scott Bakula can go past the Character limit",
    "Scott Bakula can go to a water park & go on every single ride & not get wet ",
    "Scott Bakula can go to the bath room from his living room",
    "Scott Bakula can grill a popsicle",
    "Scott Bakula can grind diamonds into coal",
    "Scott Bakula can grow a #bodypart# in 2 seconds",
    "Scott Bakula can grow an infinitely large #bodypart# & twist it into full body dreadlocks",
    "Scott Bakula can grow water",
    "Scott Bakula can hack a Facebook account using Myspace",
    "Scott Bakula can hammer a wall into a nail",
    "Scott Bakula can handle the truth",
    "Scott Bakula can have his cake & eat it too",
    "Scott Bakula can have his cake & eat it too",
    "Scott Bakula can have his cake & eat it, too",
    "Scott Bakula can have unlimited friends on facebook",
    "Scott Bakula can head butt a bullet",
    "Scott Bakula can headbutt himself in the face",
    "Scott Bakula can heal himself & make money by typing hesoyam",
    "Scott Bakula can hear his phone ring on silent",
    "Scott Bakula can hear pictures",
    "Scott Bakula can hear shooting stars",
    "Scott Bakula can hear stereo with one ear",
    "Scott Bakula can hear you screaming in the space",
    "Scott Bakula can hear your text messages",
    "Scott Bakula can help the Toronto Maple Leafs make the playoffs",
    "Scott Bakula can hide an elephant in a mousehole",
    "Scott Bakula can hide in an elevator",
    "Scott Bakula can hit 11 out of 10 targets with 9 arrows",
    "Scott Bakula can hit a bullseye blindfolded using only his feet",
    "Scott Bakula can hit a grand slam with no one on base",
    "Scott Bakula can hit a homerun with a toothpick",
    "Scott Bakula can hit for the cycle in one at bat",
    "Scott Bakula can hold his breath for 20 years",
    "Scott Bakula can hold his breath underwater... for as long as there will be water",
    "Scott Bakula can hurry love",
    "Scott Bakula can in fact dig to China",
    "Scott Bakula can infact eat Water",
    "Scott Bakula can infect a mac with pc viruses",
    "Scott Bakula can inflate a flat tire with his nose",
    "Scott Bakula can inflate a truck tire by blowing into the stem",
    "Scott Bakula can inhale while he exhales",
    "Scott Bakula can initiate the “Clapper” with a blink of the eye",
    "Scott Bakula can judge a book by it's cover",
    "Scott Bakula can judge a book by its cover",
    "Scott Bakula can juggle a bowing ball with his feet...hanging upside down from a tree",
    "Scott Bakula can juggle with nothing",
    "Scott Bakula can jump around the entire world",
    "Scott Bakula can jump in the air & stay there",
    "Scott Bakula can jump off a building & land on that same building 20 years in the future",
    "Scott Bakula can jump out of a bottomless pit",
    "Scott Bakula can jump up & never come down again",
    "Scott Bakula can kayak to the moon",
    "Scott Bakula can keep up with the Kardashians",
    "Scott Bakula can kick a field goal farther than you",
    "Scott Bakula can kick faster than lightning",
    "Scott Bakula can kick start a car",
    "Scott Bakula can kick the chrome off a trailer hitch",
    "Scott Bakula can kick the wet out of water!",
    "Scott Bakula can kick you in the face with his fist",
    "Scott Bakula can kick you with a punch",
    "Scott Bakula can kill 2 stones with 1 bird",
    "Scott Bakula can kill 99% of all bacteria...as a warning to the other 1%",
    "Scott Bakula can kill a Reaper",
    "Scott Bakula can kill a invincible man with one blink",
    "Scott Bakula can kill a man in 52 different ways using only a ballpoint pen",
    "Scott Bakula can kill a person so fast they would die standing up",
    "Scott Bakula can kill a vampire by showing him a picture of the sun",
    "Scott Bakula can kill by looking into someone's eyes",
    "Scott Bakula can kill iron man with a gun",
    "Scott Bakula can kill the entire human race in one second with a toothpick, while fighting Godzilla & Superman, at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula can kill two birds with no stone",
    "Scott Bakula can kill two stones with one bird",
    "Scott Bakula can kill with blank bullets",
    "Scott Bakula can kill you as many times as he wants to. He knows CPR",
    "Scott Bakula can kill you just by looking at you",
    "Scott Bakula can kill you when his arms & legs are behind his back. It's because he has an extra fist in his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula can kill you while you're getting killed",
    "Scott Bakula can kill you with kindness",
    "Scott Bakula can kiss his elbow",
    "Scott Bakula can kiss his own elbow, both at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula can knock you out by throwing a snowflake",
    "Scott Bakula can knock you out with a sponge",
    "Scott Bakula can laugh with a straight face",
    "Scott Bakula can laugh without breathing",
    "Scott Bakula can lead a horse to water & make it drink",
    "Scott Bakula can leave Hotel California!",
    "Scott Bakula can leave a hand & footprint in dry cement",
    "Scott Bakula can leave a voice mail on printed paper",
    "Scott Bakula can leave it alone, & get it back again",
    "Scott Bakula can lick his elbow. With both arms behind his back",
    "Scott Bakula can lick his own elbows",
    "Scott Bakula can lift up a chair with one hand... While he's sitting on it..",
    "Scott Bakula can light a bubblegum cigar.... without a lighter",
    "Scott Bakula can light a cigarette in hurricane",
    "Scott Bakula can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together",
    "Scott Bakula can light a fire by snapping his fingers",
    "Scott Bakula can light milk on fire....using cereal...& a fork",
    "Scott Bakula can light the contents of the Windows recycle bin on fire",
    "Scott Bakula can light up any dark places with his shadow",
    "Scott Bakula can line dance in a circle",
    "Scott Bakula can listen to 24 hours worth of music & not move a single muscle",
    "Scott Bakula can listen to Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up without getting Rick Rolled",
    "Scott Bakula can listen to music....on mute",
    "Scott Bakula can listen to pictures",
    "Scott Bakula can literally catch a falling star & put it in his pocket",
    "Scott Bakula can literally kick your ass with his fist",
    "Scott Bakula can literally kill time",
    "Scott Bakula can literally make a mountain out of a molehill",
    "Scott Bakula can live in asystole",
    "Scott Bakula can locate the nowhere",
    "Scott Bakula can log on to facebook from an ATM",
    "Scott Bakula can log-in to Facebook through Friendster",
    "Scott Bakula can look at you in a tone of voice",
    "Scott Bakula can look into infinity & see the back of his own head",
    "Scott Bakula can look up in the sky & see Earth",
    "Scott Bakula can lose what he never had",
    "Scott Bakula can make nana nana boo boo sound cool",
    "Scott Bakula can make Brett Favre retire",
    "Scott Bakula can make Brock Lesnar tap out just by agreeing to a fight",
    "Scott Bakula can make Cleveland love Lebron James",
    "Scott Bakula can make Joker became serious",
    "Scott Bakula can make Mr. Krabs surrender his money!",
    "Scott Bakula can make Newtons apple fall UP",
    "Scott Bakula can make OneDirection - change direction",
    "Scott Bakula can make Shake n Bake with no help",
    "Scott Bakula can make The Joker stop laughing. Without killing him",
    "Scott Bakula can make a 3-sided square",
    "Scott Bakula can make a Happy Meal cry",
    "Scott Bakula can make a Java Program in visual studio 2010",
    "Scott Bakula can make a banana split",
    "Scott Bakula can make a blizzard start in June",
    "Scott Bakula can make a bullet go round & round in a circle",
    "Scott Bakula can make a call using a calling card",
    "Scott Bakula can make a dog bark the alphabet, in spanish, backwards",
    "Scott Bakula can make a double penetration alone",
    "Scott Bakula can make a fist with his feet",
    "Scott Bakula can make a full house with 3 cards. His feet make up the other two",
    "Scott Bakula can make a hard-boiled egg in ice water",
    "Scott Bakula can make a hole in the sun with a snowball",
    "Scott Bakula can make a light dim by blinking",
    "Scott Bakula can make a lion turn vegan",
    "Scott Bakula can make a pile of quick sand into slow sand",
    "Scott Bakula can make a polygraph test lie",
    "Scott Bakula can make a pound cake with only an ounce",
    "Scott Bakula can make a rap video without booties & cars",
    "Scott Bakula can make a robot bleed",
    "Scott Bakula can make a stop sign say go",
    "Scott Bakula can make a temperpedic bed rock",
    "Scott Bakula can make a turtle go faster",
    "Scott Bakula can make a vegetarian ham sandwich",
    "Scott Bakula can make an atheist believe",
    "Scott Bakula can make an omelette without breaking any eggs",
    "Scott Bakula can make apples from apple juice",
    "Scott Bakula can make change for a penny",
    "Scott Bakula can make curtains out of the fabric of time",
    "Scott Bakula can make domino lines fall in reverse",
    "Scott Bakula can make electricity turn armish",
    "Scott Bakula can make fire with ice or vice-versa ... Scott Bakula can separate the Difluoro molecule with his Quantum Leap ..",
    "Scott Bakula can make free calls on a pay phone",
    "Scott Bakula can make gold out of silver",
    "Scott Bakula can make his own reflection vomit with fear",
    "Scott Bakula can make ice cubes with a microwave",
    "Scott Bakula can make intersect the two parallel lines!!",
    "Scott Bakula can make it cloudy in Philadelphia",
    "Scott Bakula can make it snow, even in the Sahara dessert",
    "Scott Bakula can make jello in a microwave",
    "Scott Bakula can make jokes laugh",
    "Scott Bakula can make lemonade out of apples",
    "Scott Bakula can make medicine sick",
    "Scott Bakula can make music in Adobe Photoshop",
    "Scott Bakula can make noise in outer space",
    "Scott Bakula can make onions cry from 10 paces",
    "Scott Bakula can make pigs fly",
    "Scott Bakula can make plastic flowers wilt",
    "Scott Bakula can make rock covers of Enya",
    "Scott Bakula can make scissors beat rock",
    "Scott Bakula can make snow angels on a concrete slab",
    "Scott Bakula can make sounds come out on his Air Guitar",
    "Scott Bakula can make tears cry",
    "Scott Bakula can make the Cookie Monster Diet",
    "Scott Bakula can make the equation 1+1=fish true",
    "Scott Bakula can make the word, Pain using mandM's & Cheerios",
    "Scott Bakula can make you fold a Royal Flush",
    "Scott Bakula can make you laugh at your own funeral",
    "Scott Bakula can measure his weight with a ruler",
    "Scott Bakula can melt dry ice",
    "Scott Bakula can melt ice in a freezer",
    "Scott Bakula can melt lava",
    "Scott Bakula can melt water",
    "Scott Bakula can mess with the bull without getting the horns",
    "Scott Bakula can milk an alligator",
    "Scott Bakula can mine bedrock in Minecraft",
    "Scott Bakula can mix water & oil just putting his finger in it!",
    "Scott Bakula can moonwalk forwards",
    "Scott Bakula can move side to side & diagonally in an elevator",
    "Scott Bakula can nail jello to a tree",
    "Scott Bakula can name all the countries in alphabetical order in a fraction of a second",
    "Scott Bakula can never get lost, because every direction he takes is the right one!",
    "Scott Bakula can noodle for catfish in a drinking fountain...",
    "Scott Bakula can not only accelerate beyond the speed of light... he can accelerate beyond the speed of dark!",
    "Scott Bakula can not only smell your fear, he also detects your dread, panic, & abject horror",
    "Scott Bakula can one shot water directly from a tap",
    "Scott Bakula can only see dead people",
    "Scott Bakula can only text if the phone's touch screen is bullet proof",
    "Scott Bakula can open a tin of beans with a ripe banana",
    "Scott Bakula can out sleep a dead person",
    "Scott Bakula can outdrink a Russian",
    "Scott Bakula can outrun his own shadow",
    "Scott Bakula can outstare a man with two glass eyes",
    "Scott Bakula can over rev a revolver",
    "Scott Bakula can paint himself into a corner & still get the job done",
    "Scott Bakula can paint the rainbow........with black",
    "Scott Bakula can parachute from the ground",
    "Scott Bakula can parallel park A locomotive",
    "Scott Bakula can parallel park a freight train",
    "Scott Bakula can pass a vision test easy... with his eyes closed",
    "Scott Bakula can paste something before he copies it",
    "Scott Bakula can pause a livestream",
    "Scott Bakula can pause an online game",
    "Scott Bakula can pause online games",
    "Scott Bakula can pay attention in cash",
    "Scott Bakula can pay his restaurant bill by simply drawing a dollar sign on his receipt",
    "Scott Bakula can peel a potato with his eyebrow",
    "Scott Bakula can perform a three-point turn.  With a tractor trailer.  In an alley",
    "Scott Bakula can perform the act of Inception without going into the subconcious. He does so in the concious mind by performing a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula can pick side when flipping a coin",
    "Scott Bakula can pick a lock with an eyelash",
    "Scott Bakula can pick locks with his tongue",
    "Scott Bakula can pick oranges from an apple tree & make the best lemonade you ever tasted",
    "Scott Bakula can pick up Thor's hammer",
    "Scott Bakula can pick up brass with a magnet",
    "Scott Bakula can pick up wood with a magnet",
    "Scott Bakula can pin a nail to a wall using MC Hammer",
    "Scott Bakula can plank on a flagpole",
    "Scott Bakula can plank on a pinhead",
    "Scott Bakula can play  Xbox with a Playstation controller",
    "Scott Bakula can play Angry Birds on a rotary phone",
    "Scott Bakula can play Bach's 9th Symphony with a triangle",
    "Scott Bakula can play Beethoven's 5th symphony with one hand while his foot goes back in time & Quantum Leaps Beethoven in the face",
    "Scott Bakula can play Blu Rays on a record player",
    "Scott Bakula can play Call of Duty on a radio",
    "Scott Bakula can play Call of Duty on an Atari 2600",
    "Scott Bakula can play Crisis 2 on an Atari",
    "Scott Bakula can play Crysis at 200fps on an abacus",
    "Scott Bakula can play Halo on PS3",
    "Scott Bakula can play Halo on the Magnavox Odyssey",
    "Scott Bakula can play Stairway with a kazoo",
    "Scott Bakula can play Wii Sports without moving",
    "Scott Bakula can play XBox KINECT without moving!",
    "Scott Bakula can play Xbox Kinect without a sensor",
    "Scott Bakula can play a drum solo on a guitar",
    "Scott Bakula can play a guitar solo with drums",
    "Scott Bakula can play a guitar using his feet. Quantum Leaps made him be a professional with it",
    "Scott Bakula can play a whole note in 3/4 time",
    "Scott Bakula can play all the musical instruments all at once",
    "Scott Bakula can play & win duck duck goose.....by himself!!!",
    "Scott Bakula can play any call of duty game & get a care package with a T-rex in it",
    "Scott Bakula can play billiards by using a toothpick as his cue stick",
    "Scott Bakula can play flash games on his iPad",
    "Scott Bakula can play guitar on drums",
    "Scott Bakula can play techno music with his heart",
    "Scott Bakula can play tennis with his feet",
    "Scott Bakula can play the death waltz with his chin",
    "Scott Bakula can play the drums with a couple of spaghetti sticks . . . raw or cooked",
    "Scott Bakula can play the guitar with drum sticks",
    "Scott Bakula can play the saxophone ... while holding his breath",
    "Scott Bakula can play volleyball with a bowlingball",
    "Scott Bakula can pop every kernel in the bag without burning one",
    "Scott Bakula can pop scissors with a balloon",
    "Scott Bakula can post 151 character long facts about himself",
    "Scott Bakula can power a city by fear alone",
    "Scott Bakula can preform inception. He Quantum Leaps his ideas into your brain",
    "Scott Bakula can pressure wash a house.......with a drinking straw",
    "Scott Bakula can prestige 10 times.....on Left For Dead",
    "Scott Bakula can print in color on a black & white printer",
    "Scott Bakula can program a computer to breath",
    "Scott Bakula can prove possible every myth proven to be impossible by the Myth Busters",
    "Scott Bakula can pull a Blue Whale out of a Hat",
    "Scott Bakula can pull out apps from his iphone",
    "Scott Bakula can punch a cyclops between the eye",
    "Scott Bakula can punch a cyclops between the eyes",
    "Scott Bakula can punch a cyclops through the eye",
    "Scott Bakula can punch a wall in fourths",
    "Scott Bakula can punch his fist through trees & pull out pencils",
    "Scott Bakula can punch the internet",
    "Scott Bakula can punch the stench out of a skunk",
    "Scott Bakula can punch with his feet & kick with his fists",
    "Scott Bakula can punch you in the arm & it'll break your legs",
    "Scott Bakula can push all the buttons on a four pen down at once",
    "Scott Bakula can push on a rope",
    "Scott Bakula can push start a yacht!",
    "Scott Bakula can put 60 3 oz. cookies on a sheet pan without them touching each other",
    "Scott Bakula can put Humpty Dumpty back together again",
    "Scott Bakula can put a 18 hole golfcourse in 1 strike",
    "Scott Bakula can put a King in check mate on the chess board without moving one piece",
    "Scott Bakula can put baby in the corner",
    "Scott Bakula can put his tie in the shredder",
    "Scott Bakula can put out a fire using nothing but gasoline",
    "Scott Bakula can put out a wildfire with a drop of his sweat",
    "Scott Bakula can put out fire with gasoline",
    "Scott Bakula can put the batteries in backwards & STILL make it work",
    "Scott Bakula can put toothpaste back in tube",
    "Scott Bakula can reach prestige 16 on COD",
    "Scott Bakula can reach the end of Minecraft, Twice",
    "Scott Bakula can read Lady Gaga's pokerface",
    "Scott Bakula can read a book without text in it",
    "Scott Bakula can read barcodes",
    "Scott Bakula can read invisible ink!!!",
    "Scott Bakula can rearrange your DNA just by thinking about it",
    "Scott Bakula can reboot the Sun",
    "Scott Bakula can remove a tatoo with his breath",
    "Scott Bakula can remove a tattoo by using duct tape",
    "Scott Bakula can remove wax with his chest hair",
    "Scott Bakula can resist Megan Fox",
    "Scott Bakula can rewind a DVD",
    "Scott Bakula can rhyme orange & purple ....... with each other",
    "Scott Bakula can rhyme purple",
    "Scott Bakula can rhyme purple & orange",
    "Scott Bakula can rick roll Rick Astley",
    "Scott Bakula can ring the church bell by pushing up the rope",
    "Scott Bakula can rip a phone book in half.....using one hand",
    "Scott Bakula can rip a phonebook apart with no hands",
    "Scott Bakula can rip liquids",
    "Scott Bakula can roast marshmallows using the fireplace channel at Christmas time",
    "Scott Bakula can rob a bank by phone",
    "Scott Bakula can roll a 13 with a pair of dice",
    "Scott Bakula can roll a stone & make it gather moss",
    "Scott Bakula can roll at speeds of 70 mpr & when he hits top speed stone spikes burst out of his back & destroy everything in sight",
    "Scott Bakula can roll up hill",
    "Scott Bakula can roller skate in a buffalo herd",
    "Scott Bakula can rollerskate up-hill",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap a quarter (in the air) & make a booger squish out of George Washington's nose",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap you with his fist",
    "Scott Bakula can round kick Scott Bakula in the face",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap a 1000 ft home run",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap a light saber, & break it in two",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap a log into a dining room set",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap his own butt three times",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap people with his fists",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap the chocolate out of a fudge brownie",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap the white off of rice",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap you in the face. With both Legs simultaneously",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap you into the future. You will then be able to look back on the day you died",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap you off cloud 9",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap you through a video chat",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap your cell phone & kill everyone in the address book",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap round houses into squares",
    "Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap you in the face... with his fist",
    "Scott Bakula can rub one penny together",
    "Scott Bakula can rub two fires together & make a stick!",
    "Scott Bakula can run Grand Theft Auto IV on max settings at 60fps... on his Commodore 64",
    "Scott Bakula can run a full marathon in just 3 miles",
    "Scott Bakula can run a nuclear power station using a rowing machine",
    "Scott Bakula can run around the tree at the speed of light & Quantum Leap himself",
    "Scott Bakula can run in water",
    "Scott Bakula can run out from black hole but black hole can't excape from him..",
    "Scott Bakula can run so fast he can cause time travel",
    "Scott Bakula can run so fast that he can run around the earth & punch himself in the back of the head",
    "Scott Bakula can run somebody over without a car",
    "Scott Bakula can run the 4 min mile in 3 mins..... Underwater!",
    "Scott Bakula can run the Naked Mile naked, without taking off his clothes",
    "Scott Bakula can run.... while walking",
    "Scott Bakula can sail a boat forward with the wind against him. Not that the wind would ever dare to go against Scott Bakula..",
    "Scott Bakula can sand a car with tissue paper",
    "Scott Bakula can sanitize the sanitizer",
    "Scott Bakula can save you 15% or more on car insurance",
    "Scott Bakula can say m without putting his lips together",
    "Scott Bakula can say mug in Chicago",
    "Scott Bakula can say never",
    "Scott Bakula can score 1000 of goals on a goalie who's under the influence of fragrant Old Spices",
    "Scott Bakula can scratch a diamond",
    "Scott Bakula can scratch sandpaper",
    "Scott Bakula can seal a blackhole...",
    "Scott Bakula can sear a steak with his gaze",
    "Scott Bakula can see John Cena",
    "Scott Bakula can see a movie in Braille",
    "Scott Bakula can see air",
    "Scott Bakula can see all 50 states from his house",
    "Scott Bakula can see clearly long before the rain is gone",
    "Scott Bakula can see his own reflection in a brick wall",
    "Scott Bakula can see in 3D with just one eye",
    "Scott Bakula can see into ur soooouuuullllllllll!!!!!!!!!!",
    "Scott Bakula can see the end of infinity pools",
    "Scott Bakula can see the far side of the Moon... from Earth",
    "Scott Bakula can see the invisible man",
    "Scott Bakula can see the light of day... at night",
    "Scott Bakula can see ultra-violet light",
    "Scott Bakula can see with his eyes closed",
    "Scott Bakula can sell Pepsi as Coke",
    "Scott Bakula can send SMS on landline number",
    "Scott Bakula can send a message to a hidden number",
    "Scott Bakula can send a text message with his mind",
    "Scott Bakula can send an e-mail with a pencil",
    "Scott Bakula can separate the salt & water in salt water",
    "Scott Bakula can serve a life sentence in just 6 months",
    "Scott Bakula can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night",
    "Scott Bakula can set magnifying glasses on fire...using ants",
    "Scott Bakula can set water on fire. He can also set fire on water..",
    "Scott Bakula can shoe a running horse",
    "Scott Bakula can shoot 3 pointers using a bowling ball!!!",
    "Scott Bakula can shoot a bullet at a Jackie Chan & Quantum Leap him before the bullet touches him",
    "Scott Bakula can shoot a person 28 times with an unloaded gun",
    "Scott Bakula can shoot a sword",
    "Scott Bakula can shoot around a corner",
    "Scott Bakula can shoot someone just by shooting their name tag",
    "Scott Bakula can shoot the wings off a spider at 200 yards. Spiders don't have wings!, I hear you say...Not any more",
    "Scott Bakula can shoot you seven times with a six shooter",
    "Scott Bakula can shotgun a keg of beer",
    "Scott Bakula can show you a picture from when he was older",
    "Scott Bakula can shows his victims their eyes after ripping them out of their sockets",
    "Scott Bakula can shuffle a deck of phone books",
    "Scott Bakula can shut down the internet",
    "Scott Bakula can shut the door open",
    "Scott Bakula can simply walk into Mordor",
    "Scott Bakula can sing a duet with himself",
    "Scott Bakula can sing the Star Spangled Banner backwards....in Latin",
    "Scott Bakula can sink a hole in none!",
    "Scott Bakula can sit at the head of a roundtable",
    "Scott Bakula can sit in a chair, pull up on the sides of it, & lift himself into the air",
    "Scott Bakula can sit in the corner of a circular room",
    "Scott Bakula can sit in the corner of a circular room",
    "Scott Bakula can sit in the shade...in an open field",
    "Scott Bakula can sit while standing",
    "Scott Bakula can skateboard on sand",
    "Scott Bakula can skeletize a cow in two minutes",
    "Scott Bakula can ski up a mountain",
    "Scott Bakula can skip a sound track on the radio if he doesn't like it",
    "Scott Bakula can skip a track on a cassette",
    "Scott Bakula can skydive into outer space",
    "Scott Bakula can slam a revolving door",
    "Scott Bakula can slam a revolving door!",
    "Scott Bakula can slam a revolving door",
    "Scott Bakula can slam dunk a three-pointer",
    "Scott Bakula can slamdunk a basketball without jumping",
    "Scott Bakula can sleep off insomnia",
    "Scott Bakula can sleep while awake",
    "Scott Bakula can sleep with BOTH eyes open",
    "Scott Bakula can slice meat so thin it has only one side",
    "Scott Bakula can slide up a ladder",
    "Scott Bakula can slow down the car by pulling the throttle. He also can accelerate the car by pulling the brake",
    "Scott Bakula can smack the taste back in your mouth",
    "Scott Bakula can smack the ugly off a moose",
    "Scott Bakula can smell bears with his eyes, & eats them with his ears",
    "Scott Bakula can smell colors",
    "Scott Bakula can smell his noise & taste his mouth",
    "Scott Bakula can smell the coffee before he wakes up",
    "Scott Bakula can smell underwater",
    "Scott Bakula can smoke a cigar underwater",
    "Scott Bakula can snap a whales neck",
    "Scott Bakula can snap bullets like mosquitos... One handed..",
    "Scott Bakula can sneak into a room with 4 people & make eye contact with all of them & sneak out again without being detected",
    "Scott Bakula can sneak up behind a deer & slit its throat",
    "Scott Bakula can sneak up on himself",
    "Scott Bakula can sneeze & cough silently",
    "Scott Bakula can sneeze while holding his breath",
    "Scott Bakula can sneeze with his eyes open",
    "Scott Bakula can solve Rubik's Cube in less than 20 moves!",
    "Scott Bakula can solve Rubik´s Cube in 19 moves!",
    "Scott Bakula can solve a Rubik's cube in the dark",
    "Scott Bakula can solve a Rubik's cube... with no hands",
    "Scott Bakula can solve a paradox",
    "Scott Bakula can solve a rubiks cube.......with his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula can solve a rubix cube in one single turn",
    "Scott Bakula can speak 20 languages, with only his fists. His feet can speak 40",
    "Scott Bakula can speak Brail, & hear Sign Language",
    "Scott Bakula can speak Braille",
    "Scott Bakula can speak French in Russian",
    "Scott Bakula can speak Hieroglyph",
    "Scott Bakula can speak Russian... in Chinese",
    "Scott Bakula can speak Spanish in three different languages",
    "Scott Bakula can speak Spanish... In Russian",
    "Scott Bakula can speak a language inside of another language",
    "Scott Bakula can speak braille",
    "Scott Bakula can speak every single language on Earth, including Centaurian & Elvish",
    "Scott Bakula can speak in sign language... with his feet",
    "Scott Bakula can speak latin",
    "Scott Bakula can speak punctuation marks",
    "Scott Bakula can spell his name using only vowels",
    "Scott Bakula can spell his name with mandM's",
    "Scott Bakula can spell his name with NUMBERS",
    "Scott Bakula can spell other than U after Q",
    "Scott Bakula can spell Quantum Leap with five letters: death",
    "Scott Bakula can spell the alphabet with mandMs",
    "Scott Bakula can spell the longest word in the English language with only three letters",
    "Scott Bakula can spell without letters",
    "Scott Bakula can spin the chamber of a .357 Magnum & turn it into a Gatling Gun!",
    "Scott Bakula can spit fire under water",
    "Scott Bakula can spit on his own neck",
    "Scott Bakula can split a personality",
    "Scott Bakula can split an atom & put it back together",
    "Scott Bakula can split an atom with his teeth & contain the explosion in his mouth",
    "Scott Bakula can split hairs, literally",
    "Scott Bakula can split the atom. With his bare hands",
    "Scott Bakula can sprint while walking",
    "Scott Bakula can squeeze a glass ketchup bottle",
    "Scott Bakula can squeeze apple juice out of a banana",
    "Scott Bakula can squeeze orange juice from a banana",
    "Scott Bakula can stab you with his fist",
    "Scott Bakula can staple a ream of paper to another ream of paper, with one staple",
    "Scott Bakula can stare into the sun without blinking",
    "Scott Bakula can stare you to death while looking the other direction!",
    "Scott Bakula can start a fight in an emty room",
    "Scott Bakula can start a fire by rubbing two ice cubes together",
    "Scott Bakula can start a lawn mower with -1 tries",
    "Scott Bakula can stop a bullet with one toe",
    "Scott Bakula can stop that thing Bryan Adams started & couldn't stop",
    "Scott Bakula can stop the Duke of Earl",
    "Scott Bakula can stop the beat. Sorry Hairspray",
    "Scott Bakula can stop time by not breathing",
    "Scott Bakula can stop time",
    "Scott Bakula can straighten a circle...",
    "Scott Bakula can strangle you with a cordless phone",
    "Scott Bakula can strangle you with a cordless telephone",
    "Scott Bakula can strangle you with his tongue",
    "Scott Bakula can strike a match on a bar of soap",
    "Scott Bakula can strike lightning",
    "Scott Bakula can strike the same lightning twice",
    "Scott Bakula can strum your pain with his fingers, tell your whole life with his words – but mainly just kill you softly with his song",
    "Scott Bakula can submit ANY fact on this website because no one dares declining it",
    "Scott Bakula can submit duplicate facts on Scott BakulaScott Bakulafacts.com",
    "Scott Bakula can submit facts that have more than 150 characters",
    "Scott Bakula can successfully put his socks on his feet by pulling them over his arms first",
    "Scott Bakula can suck a black hole",
    "Scott Bakula can surf Niagara Falls on a bar of soap",
    "Scott Bakula can survive a direct impact from a Noob Tube",
    "Scott Bakula can survive heavy doses of radiation, poison & nine days without his head",
    "Scott Bakula can swim & skydive at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula can swim backwards doing the freestyle",
    "Scott Bakula can swim in an empty pool",
    "Scott Bakula can swim underground",
    "Scott Bakula can swing a sword in the & miss",
    "Scott Bakula can switch his motorcycle to four-wheel drive",
    "Scott Bakula can take a selfie of you, but make it look better",
    "Scott Bakula can take it with him when he goes",
    "Scott Bakula can take off his socks without taking off his shoes",
    "Scott Bakula can talk about Fight Club",
    "Scott Bakula can talk backwards. At the same time he speaks forward",
    "Scott Bakula can talk in Cursive",
    "Scott Bakula can talk to ants",
    "Scott Bakula can talk with his mouth closed",
    "Scott Bakula can tap dance barefoot",
    "Scott Bakula can taste colors",
    "Scott Bakula can taste lies",
    "Scott Bakula can teach an old dog new tricks",
    "Scott Bakula can tell time on a compass",
    "Scott Bakula can tell you how to get to Sesame Street",
    "Scott Bakula can terminate a repeating decimal",
    "Scott Bakula can text on a payphone",
    "Scott Bakula can text someone to get a phone",
    "Scott Bakula can text, drink, & carve a turkey in a high speed chase while driving Miss Daisy",
    "Scott Bakula can think backwards, you can't",
    "Scott Bakula can think of The Game & still win",
    "Scott Bakula can throw a baseball & then catch it",
    "Scott Bakula can throw a paper plane from his house into space",
    "Scott Bakula can throw a perfect game with one pitch",
    "Scott Bakula can throw your voice",
    "Scott Bakula can tickle himself",
    "Scott Bakula can tie a Boy Scout into a knot",
    "Scott Bakula can tie all of his fingers into knots",
    "Scott Bakula can tie cherry stems with his ear",
    "Scott Bakula can tie his shoe while running",
    "Scott Bakula can tie his shoes with his feet",
    "Scott Bakula can tie his shoes with his feet",
    "Scott Bakula can tie his shoes with his hands tied behind his back",
    "Scott Bakula can tie your hands behind your back with both hands tied behind his back",
    "Scott Bakula can tie-dye with one color",
    "Scott Bakula can toast bread in a freezer",
    "Scott Bakula can touch MC Hammer",
    "Scott Bakula can touch MC Hammer & he can see John Cena!",
    "Scott Bakula can touch the bottom of the Pacific Ocean & the top of Mt. Everest at the SAME time",
    "Scott Bakula can tow a building... with a string... with him in it",
    "Scott Bakula can transfer knowledge through his fists",
    "Scott Bakula can translate French to German only using Pig Latin",
    "Scott Bakula can travel back in time into the future",
    "Scott Bakula can travel by paper airplane",
    "Scott Bakula can travel through time by running 88 miles per hour",
    "Scott Bakula can travel through time. This fact alone explains Jesus, Suntzu's inspiration for the Art of War, & how Quantum Leaps came to be",
    "Scott Bakula can turn Toast back into Bread",
    "Scott Bakula can turn a hamburger back into a cow",
    "Scott Bakula can turn a pickle back into a cucumber",
    "Scott Bakula can turn a spring roll into a winter roll",
    "Scott Bakula can turn a vegan into a cannibal",
    "Scott Bakula can turn bread back into flour, water, yeast & salt",
    "Scott Bakula can turn his light off & be in bed before the light goes off",
    "Scott Bakula can turn on clapper lights by flexing",
    "Scott Bakula can turn oxygen into gold",
    "Scott Bakula can turn the light off & be in bed asleep before the room gets dark",
    "Scott Bakula can turn the sun off & on by clapping his hands",
    "Scott Bakula can turn toast back into bread",
    "Scott Bakula can turn water into beer",
    "Scott Bakula can turn water into cheese",
    "Scott Bakula can turn water into ice with his ice cold stare",
    "Scott Bakula can turn water into whiskey",
    "Scott Bakula can tweet a novel",
    "Scott Bakula can type 100 words per minute, with boxing gloves on",
    "Scott Bakula can type a letter with a calculator",
    "Scott Bakula can un-bake a cake...using the refrigerator",
    "Scott Bakula can un-ring a bell",
    "Scott Bakula can un-roll a cigarette & re-roll it",
    "Scott Bakula can understand women",
    "Scott Bakula can unlock a car door with a hanger......a wooden hanger",
    "Scott Bakula can unlock a hairpin with a door",
    "Scott Bakula can unscramble an egg",
    "Scott Bakula can unscramble eggs",
    "Scott Bakula can unscramble scrambled eggs",
    "Scott Bakula can unshrink a shrinky dink",
    "Scott Bakula can unwind a window in a aircraft",
    "Scott Bakula can use PC as a laptop",
    "Scott Bakula can use a Shake Weight without looking gay",
    "Scott Bakula can use a touch screen without touching it",
    "Scott Bakula can use his fists too & are worse than his RHK, his left fist kills you directly but his right sends you directly to Hell",
    "Scott Bakula can wade through solid concrete & still beat the Olympic record",
    "Scott Bakula can walk a mile in your shoes",
    "Scott Bakula can walk & run at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula can walk into a room with a dozen people in it & kill 15 of them",
    "Scott Bakula can walk the Penrose Stairs",
    "Scott Bakula can walk through a drive thru",
    "Scott Bakula can walk up a rope",
    "Scott Bakula can walk up the stairs & still be on the same floor",
    "Scott Bakula can walk without moving",
    "Scott Bakula can walk without moving his feet",
    "Scott Bakula can warp speed by blinking",
    "Scott Bakula can wash his clothes in a dryer",
    "Scott Bakula can watch DVD's on a VCR",
    "Scott Bakula can watch HD TV on a Gameboy Color!",
    "Scott Bakula can watch The Sopranos on The Disney Channel",
    "Scott Bakula can watch a black & white T.V. in color",
    "Scott Bakula can watch a blue-ray movie on a gamecube",
    "Scott Bakula can watch all the videos on Youtube in a day & still have time to eat breakfast",
    "Scott Bakula can watch an episode of 60 Minutes in a half-hour",
    "Scott Bakula can watch his own back looking forward",
    "Scott Bakula can watch music",
    "Scott Bakula can watch the radio",
    "Scott Bakula can wet dry wine",
    "Scott Bakula can whisper into his own ear",
    "Scott Bakula can whistle in 14 different languages",
    "Scott Bakula can whistle in five different languages, including sign language",
    "Scott Bakula can whistle with his mouth closed",
    "Scott Bakula can win Chess in -1 moves",
    "Scott Bakula can win Uno with 6 cards",
    "Scott Bakula can win a Triathlon while unconscious",
    "Scott Bakula can win a chess game with only his king on board",
    "Scott Bakula can win a fight with one hand tied behind his back, because, the rope would instantly strangle the enemy to get away from him",
    "Scott Bakula can win a football game by spiking a tennis ball over a volleyball net",
    "Scott Bakula can win a game of 'Connect 4' in 3 turns",
    "Scott Bakula can win a game of Battleship with only one move",
    "Scott Bakula can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves",
    "Scott Bakula can win a game of UNO without throwing away his cards",
    "Scott Bakula can win a game of mine sweeper in one turn",
    "Scott Bakula can win a game of soccer without using his legs, he just can",
    "Scott Bakula can win a rap battle without rhyming",
    "Scott Bakula can win a staring contest while blinking",
    "Scott Bakula can win a staring contest with his eyes closed",
    "Scott Bakula can win an argument with his wife",
    "Scott Bakula can win an election without being a candidate",
    "Scott Bakula can win at Black Jack with 1 Monopoly card",
    "Scott Bakula can win at solitaire with only 18 cards",
    "Scott Bakula can win in a top spinning tournament with a cube",
    "Scott Bakula can win rock, paper, scissors without using rock, paper, or scissors",
    "Scott Bakula can win the Daytona 500 in a sail boat",
    "Scott Bakula can win the game",
    "Scott Bakula can win the game",
    "Scott Bakula can win to Dear Or Alive with the Brainy Smurf",
    "Scott Bakula can wipe rainwater from inside his car",
    "Scott Bakula can write a Dictionary by slamming his face into the keyboard",
    "Scott Bakula can write a book on a calculator",
    "Scott Bakula can write a college term paper without vowels & receive an honorary doctorate degree for it",
    "Scott Bakula can write a fact using more than 150 characters",
    "Scott Bakula can write a song on the air guitar",
    "Scott Bakula can write an autobiography about other people",
    "Scott Bakula can write left handed with both hands",
    "Scott Bakula can write on toilet paper using a scalpel",
    "Scott Bakula can write with an eraser",
    "Scott Bakula can't be caught with a master ball",
    "Scott Bakula can't be cloned,because nobody can take Scott Bakula's DNA!",
    "Scott Bakula can't be in a 3D movie because the entire room would feel his Quantum Leaps",
    "Scott Bakula can't breath underwater....water wouldn't dare to take oxygen from Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula can't even beat Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula can't fall down, only up",
    "Scott Bakula can't finish a color by numbers because his markers are filled with the blood of his victims. Unfortunately, all blood is dark red",
    "Scott Bakula can't fly because everytime he catches a flight, he can't help killing it",
    "Scott Bakula can't get a riddle wrong. The riddle can only have the wrong answer",
    "Scott Bakula can't go bald, his hair is too scared to leave",
    "Scott Bakula can't just Quantum Leap. He can squarehouse-kick. & trianglehouse-kick. Did we mention the tornadohouse-kick?",
    "Scott Bakula can't kill Scott Bakula because Scott Bakula can't kill Scott Bakula..",
    "Scott Bakula can't lie, everything he sais becomes becomes ultimately true",
    "Scott Bakula can't lose at dodgeball because the ball is nowhere stupid enough to hit Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula can't make 3D films. The Quantum Leap in 3D would kill",
    "Scott Bakula can't perform Hadoukens, he IS a Hadouken",
    "Scott Bakula can't play the game Sorry. He's physically incapable of being sorry",
    "Scott Bakula can't say his name without creating an earthquake",
    "Scott Bakula can't sell shoes to the public because his kicks are to die for",
    "Scott Bakula can't shop at Target. A quick glance at the logo will destroy it, & cause enough damage before Scott Bakula can even get close",
    "Scott Bakula can't spill the beans... He has already eaten them",
    "Scott Bakula cancelled his own funeral",
    "Scott Bakula cannot be put in a corner. The corner always backs away",
    "Scott Bakula cannot be upgraded",
    "Scott Bakula cannot die. Any attempt to kill Scott Bakula will result in an innocent kittens death, somewhere",
    "Scott Bakula cannot love, he can only not kill",
    "Scott Bakula cant be burned by fire.Fire gets burned by Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula carries a watch just so time knows where he is",
    "Scott Bakula carved Mt Rushmore using a sponge",
    "Scott Bakula catches the bus one handed",
    "Scott Bakula caught Mantracker.. with his own lasso",
    "Scott Bakula caught a bullet with the same gun he fired it from",
    "Scott Bakula caught a cold & made it sick",
    "Scott Bakula caught lightning in a bottle... He lets it out on rainy days",
    "Scott Bakula caught the Ginger Bread Man",
    "Scott Bakula caused the oil leak in the gulf",
    "Scott Bakula caused tornados, waterspouts & whirlpools whenever he waves at his fans",
    "Scott Bakula challenged Spain to a football match & won",
    "Scott Bakula challenged Superman to an armwrestling contest. Superman faked a caugh, said he was catching a cold & offered a raincheck",
    "Scott Bakula challenged a rock to a staring contest, & won, & then the rock exlploded",
    "Scott Bakula challenged his reflection to a staring contest & won!",
    "Scott Bakula changed his own diapers",
    "Scott Bakula changed my life",
    "Scott Bakula changes barbers often due to the deadly reflexes of his #bodypart# when it feels threatened",
    "Scott Bakula charges money for his autographs because they double as No Trespassing signs",
    "Scott Bakula checked out from 501 with an 8 dart finish",
    "Scott Bakula checks under his bed every night for Nancy Grace",
    "Scott Bakula checks under his bed for Fedor Emelianenko because he takes Fedor to the vet regularly",
    "Scott Bakula chews Ghost Naga peppers instead of tobacco",
    "Scott Bakula chose his own name",
    "Scott Bakula cleans his ears with his elbows",
    "Scott Bakula cleans his grill with his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula cleans his teeth with a dentists drill",
    "Scott Bakula cleans up crime......with a mop & bucket........full of people's blood",
    "Scott Bakula climbed Mountain Dew",
    "Scott Bakula climbed the stairway to heaven, & came back down again",
    "Scott Bakula coined the word upScott Bakula after Quantum Leaping Julius Caesar in the gut",
    "Scott Bakula comes from the City Of Atlantis, he lost it one night after a heavy drinking session & has been looking for it since",
    "Scott Bakula comes with a death-time guarantee",
    "Scott Bakula comitted suicide & lived to tell about it",
    "Scott Bakula commented 4 months ago on a YouTube video that was made yesterday",
    "Scott Bakula committed suicide...but lived",
    "Scott Bakula complained to the restaurant that there was a waiter in his soup",
    "Scott Bakula completed FIFA 11 without a controller",
    "Scott Bakula completed Gauntlet 2... on the first level",
    "Scott Bakula completed Ocarina of Time... without the Ocarina",
    "Scott Bakula completed a 500 piece puzzle with 300 pieces",
    "Scott Bakula completed the Tough Guy Challenge by doing nothing",
    "Scott Bakula confused the smartest philosopher",
    "Scott Bakula connected USA into USB",
    "Scott Bakula contains the cure to aids, unfortunately he is also the hardest substance known to man so, no one has been able to extract it",
    "Scott Bakula convinced his grandmother that he is not hungry !",
    "Scott Bakula corrects spell check",
    "Scott Bakula cought Mewtwo by using a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula could actually win on Takeshi's Castle",
    "Scott Bakula could beat you up with his eyelashes",
    "Scott Bakula could float a sinking ship",
    "Scott Bakula could give you a lashing just by batting an eye!",
    "Scott Bakula could have stopped the Metrodome roof from collapsing",
    "Scott Bakula could hit a home run with a bunt",
    "Scott Bakula could make it rain cats & dogs",
    "Scott Bakula could play cd-based games on his Nintendo 64",
    "Scott Bakula could read a Japanese textbook in 29 seconds",
    "Scott Bakula could solve all the world's problems.....if he wanted to",
    "Scott Bakula could stab you with a worm",
    "Scott Bakula could tame Miley Cyrus",
    "Scott Bakula could teach Penguins to fly, if he wanted too",
    "Scott Bakula could use less than six character in his password",
    "Scott Bakula could win a Formula 1 race on foot",
    "Scott Bakula could win the Kentucky Derby, but no one rides on Scott Bakula's back excpet his grandchildren",
    "Scott Bakula could wipe the smile off the Mona Lisa with one precise Quantum Leap!",
    "Scott Bakula could've found the Weapons of Mass Destruction in the Middle East",
    "Scott Bakula couldn't act in Titanic because he would have saved everyone",
    "Scott Bakula counted to infinity - backwards",
    "Scott Bakula counted to infinity - twice",
    "Scott Bakula cracked the Wikileaks insurance document .aes256 key code in less than five minutes",
    "Scott Bakula crawls at the speed of light",
    "Scott Bakula created Death Valley & Mount Everest at the same time, with one stomp of his foot!",
    "Scott Bakula created Heavy Metal when he was upset",
    "Scott Bakula created Niagra so he could swim up the falls",
    "Scott Bakula created Pluto by staring at Neptune",
    "Scott Bakula created The sands of Time",
    "Scott Bakula created a new dance move called the Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula created himself",
    "Scott Bakula created the Grand Canyon because he coughed Just Once",
    "Scott Bakula created the platypus by Quantum Leaping a duck at a beaver",
    "Scott Bakula created the utimate team HIMSELF",
    "Scott Bakula created vacuum by punching air",
    "Scott Bakula crossed the road. No one has ever dared question his motives",
    "Scott Bakula crosses that bridge BEFORE he gets to it",
    "Scott Bakula cures his heartburn by swallowing two fragmentation grenades",
    "Scott Bakula cut down a tree with scissors",
    "Scott Bakula cut his scissors using his hair",
    "Scott Bakula cut's a knife with butter",
    "Scott Bakula dares ya to knock that battery off his shoulders. He dares ya",
    "Scott Bakula decided 50 years of Micheal Jackson was enough",
    "Scott Bakula decided Barbie was too manly for little girls, so he created Ken",
    "Scott Bakula declined my last 8 facts even though they were original & not offensive to anybody! I'm not going to argue with him though!",
    "Scott Bakula dedicates a song for all haters he wrote based on The Beatles' song title called 'All You Need is A Quantum Leap To Your Face'",
    "Scott Bakula defeated the Sun in a brightness contest",
    "Scott Bakula defeated the Undertaker at Wrestlemania",
    "Scott Bakula defeated the whole justice league without moving an inch of muscle",
    "Scott Bakula defined division by zero",
    "Scott Bakula deleted System32.... & his PC was faster",
    "Scott Bakula deleted his Facebook account & created Fistbook",
    "Scott Bakula demands a 29th day of February every 4 years.  We call this leap year. It's true name is leapspinkick year!",
    "Scott Bakula designed & created two series of cars. These are now known as Autobots & Decepticons",
    "Scott Bakula destroyed the Lord of Rings.              Twice",
    "Scott Bakula destroyed the earth once. He pulled a new one from his #bodypart# to make it better",
    "Scott Bakula destroyed the periodic table, because Scott Bakula only recognizes the element of surprise",
    "Scott Bakula dictates the law of physics",
    "Scott Bakula did a quarterback throwing contest against Sam Bradford.....Sam threw it perfectly to his reciever...Scott Bakula killed his reciever",
    "Scott Bakula did not go to Kindergarden.....he went straight to college",
    "Scott Bakula did not grow his #bodypart#, he just flexed his jaw & pushed the hair out",
    "Scott Bakula did not grow his #bodypart#. His face shrunk back from fear of itself",
    "Scott Bakula didn't count to infinity, infinity counted to Scott Bakula. Twice",
    "Scott Bakula didn't cross the road... he was already on the other side..",
    "Scott Bakula didn't cry when Bambi's mother died",
    "Scott Bakula didn't go to college. Colleges go to Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula didn't grow a #bodypart#, a #bodypart# grew Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula didn't have a mum or dad, he created himself",
    "Scott Bakula didn't like his Twinkie, so he put Hostess out of business",
    "Scott Bakula didn't mishear you, you said it wrong",
    "Scott Bakula didn't shave his #bodypart#.  It went on an undercover mission",
    "Scott Bakula didn't shoot the sheriff, but he Quantum Leaped the deputy",
    "Scott Bakula didn't sign the Declaration of Idependence because he wanted the British to think they had chance",
    "Scott Bakula didn't survive the first night in Minecraft, the first night survived Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula didn't use the force, He MADE the force",
    "Scott Bakula didnt climb Mt.Everest.Mt.Everest climbed Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula didnt have to watch the movie Knowing. He already knew",
    "Scott Bakula died 10 years ago but the grimm reaper haven't had the courage to tell him",
    "Scott Bakula died a million years ago but Death couldn't suck it up & tell him",
    "Scott Bakula died once, but he got over it",
    "Scott Bakula digs up gold - from silver linings",
    "Scott Bakula discovered America",
    "Scott Bakula discovered Atlantis.... But he's not telling...Quantum Leap! Dead!",
    "Scott Bakula discovered a color darker than black!",
    "Scott Bakula doens't read books, he stares them down unil they tell him what he wans to know",
    "Scott Bakula does NOT plank.  He merely pushes the Earth lower",
    "Scott Bakula does NOT put his pants on like anyone else. The jeans you see is his skin, as is all denim, shed when they no longer fit his massive legs",
    "Scott Bakula does all his own stunts",
    "Scott Bakula does cast a reflection in a mirror, & that reflection will kill you",
    "Scott Bakula does feel lucky, punk",
    "Scott Bakula does have the whole world in his hands",
    "Scott Bakula does his grocery shopping at Home Depot",
    "Scott Bakula does indeed know pain. He invented it",
    "Scott Bakula does know what Willis is talking about!",
    "Scott Bakula does leave home WITHOUT his American Express Card",
    "Scott Bakula does not bowl a perfect game. He just tells the pins to lay down",
    "Scott Bakula does not buy ground beef, he just takes a whole cow, runs it through his #bodypart#, & fully cooked hamburgers come out",
    "Scott Bakula does not do push-ups.  When he pushes, he stays still & the Earth moves down",
    "Scott Bakula does not do things for a living. He does things for a killing",
    "Scott Bakula does not donate blood, blood donates him",
    "Scott Bakula does not fart, nothing escapes Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula does not fight someone, he simply defeats them",
    "Scott Bakula does not follow fashion trends, they follow him. But then he turns around & kicks their ass. Nobody follows Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula does not get frostbite. Scott Bakula bites frost",
    "Scott Bakula does not get frostbite. Scott Bakula bites frost",
    "Scott Bakula does not get morning wood, He gets morning 2 by 4",
    "Scott Bakula does not go fishing, he goes basskicking!",
    "Scott Bakula does not go fishing, the fish surrender",
    "Scott Bakula does not go running with the bulls",
    "Scott Bakula does not have Nightmares.............he creates them",
    "Scott Bakula does not have a cell phone because he hears everything",
    "Scott Bakula does not have a middle name because no one dares get between Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula does not have a middle name, nobody gets between Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula does not have heart attacks. His heart is not foolish enough to attack him",
    "Scott Bakula does not have imaginary friends; he made his real friends imaginary",
    "Scott Bakula does not have to answer the phone. His #bodypart# picks up the incoming electrical impulses & translates them into audible sound",
    "Scott Bakula does not have to buy a turkey for the holidays. The turkey comes to his house, gets in his oven & commits suicide",
    "Scott Bakula does not have to enter passwords to access emails. They just open!",
    "Scott Bakula does not hunt because the word hunting infers the probability of failure. Scott Bakula goes killing",
    "Scott Bakula does not kick ass & take names. In fact, Scott Bakula kicks ass & assigns the corpse a number. It is currently recorded to be in the billions",
    "Scott Bakula does not kill time...   Oh wait!.. Yes he does",
    "Scott Bakula does not know the meaning of life, only how to take it",
    "Scott Bakula does not live on borrowed time he just takes it when he pleases",
    "Scott Bakula does not look like a fool with his pants on the ground because he can still Quantum Leap you... Larry Platt learned that the hard way",
    "Scott Bakula does not need Twitter...he is already following you",
    "Scott Bakula does not need a car            He's always where he needs to be",
    "Scott Bakula does not need a stove to boil water, he just growls at it",
    "Scott Bakula does not need deodorant cuz sweat instantly runs away",
    "Scott Bakula does not need guns to win, he only uses them to fight fairly",
    "Scott Bakula does not need pressure cookers. The food cooks itself out of pressure",
    "Scott Bakula does not need to climb a mountain. The mountain comes down for him",
    "Scott Bakula does not need to freeze water to make ice, he just stares at water & scares it stiff",
    "Scott Bakula does not need your respect.  He simply has it",
    "Scott Bakula does not only have the right to bear arms, he has BEAR ARMS",
    "Scott Bakula does not open doors. Tthe doors have the common courtesy to open for him",
    "Scott Bakula does not own a computer. This is because as soon as he sits down at one it instantly shows the blue screen of death",
    "Scott Bakula does not own a toothbrush, plaque is scared of Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula does not play Duck Duck Goose. He only eats them for breakfast",
    "Scott Bakula does not play fair......he plays for real",
    "Scott Bakula does not prepare for meetings, meetings prepare for him",
    "Scott Bakula does not produce tears, he exercises his Cryceps",
    "Scott Bakula does not shave, his #bodypart# will cut through the steel blades",
    "Scott Bakula does not shoot free throws, he shoots terrorists",
    "Scott Bakula does not shower.  He waterboards",
    "Scott Bakula does not skip stones...he skips sheets of drywall",
    "Scott Bakula does not sleep. He waits",
    "Scott Bakula does not smile. He flexes his teeth",
    "Scott Bakula does not speak. Words try to escape his mouth",
    "Scott Bakula does not style his hair. It lays perfectly in place out of sheer terror",
    "Scott Bakula does not submit facts. Scott Bakula creates pain",
    "Scott Bakula does not submit homework.  Homework submits to Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula does not think Garfield is funny",
    "Scott Bakula does not throw throwing stars , he throws terrified ninjas who throw throwing stars for him",
    "Scott Bakula does not understand any phrase that begins with if at first you don't succeed",
    "Scott Bakula does not use TV guide......he already knows what is on all channels, at all times, on every cable/satellite provider",
    "Scott Bakula does not use an umbrella. Raindrops dodge him",
    "Scott Bakula does not walk dogs, his cats do",
    "Scott Bakula does ten impossible things everyday...before he wakes up",
    "Scott Bakula does'nt need air to survive , the air needs him",
    "Scott Bakula does'nt turn on the lights, he turns off the dark",
    "Scott Bakula does'nt turn the lights on,  he turns the dark out",
    "Scott Bakula does't earn his stripes, he was born with them",
    "Scott Bakula does, in fact, put his pants on two legs at a time",
    "Scott Bakula doesent fly, gravity collapses around him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't Google, he Scott Bakulales",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't T-bag people, he potato sacks them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't Tweet on Twitter, he Roars",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't actually need to eat. Food just uses his body for protection",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't actually write books, the words assemble themselves out of fear",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't age because his sweat is the fountain of youth",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't age because time can't keep up with him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't age, age Scott Bakula's!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't age, he levels up!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't age. He levels up",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't always drink beer, but when he does he has the dos equis guy serve it to him in a dress",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't always get into fights but when he does you see some serious shit",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't ask, who's your daddy?  Scott Bakula is your daddy",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't backdown.. even when he is laying down",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't bake pancakes. he stares at the ingredients & sits down til they are perfect & in front of him. Instant pancakes!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't battle... he just allows you to lose",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't believe in Germany",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't believe in Germany",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't believe in Santa... Santa believes in Scott Bakula!!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't believe in ravioli. He stuffs a live turtle with beef & smothers it in pig's blood",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't believe in the periodic table, he only belives in the element of SURPRISE!!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't believed in theory of evolution, he is the missing link",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't bend the truth, he snaps its' neck",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't blink.....reality pauses",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't bowl strikes, he just knocks down one pin & the other nine faint out of fear",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't bowl strikes, he just knocks down one pin & the other nine faint",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't brag. It's the truth",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't break hearts, he shatters them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't break your bones, he turns them to dust",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't breath, air just wants to be inside of him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't breathe, he holds air hostage",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't bungee jump the ground just runs away",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't buy a house, a house buys Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't buy petrol because his car is too scared to break down",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't catch 'em all. He Quantum Leap's 'em all",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't catch a cold. He throws it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't celebrate his birthday today, his Mother does",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't cheat death, he beats it fair & square",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't chew gum, he chews bullets!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't churn butter. He Quantum Leaps the cows & the butter comes straight out",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't climb up a ladder, the ladder climbs down Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't compete, he wins",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't crunch numbers he purees them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't cry like a baby, babies cry like him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't cry. He kicks out the excess of water from his body through his eyes",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't cry. He sweats through his eyes",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't cry. His eyes sweat",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't depend on fate, fate depends Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't die, he just sleeps in the ground for a bit",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't die, he levels up",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't die. Death Scott Bakulases",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't die. He just goes to hell & regroups",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't diet, the calories burn themselves out of fear!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't digest digestives",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't do a superman punch. Superman does a Scott Bakula punch",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't do steroids, steroids do Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't dot his i's. They dot themselves for fear of the dots being created via Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't drink coffee, he sweats caffeine",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't drink coffee. He eats coffee beans & makes cafe latte in his stomach",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't drink honey. He eats the bee",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't drink pink lemonade. But if he did, it would turn yellow out of fear",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't drink tea. He swallows the bags whole then takes a hot shower",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't drink water, he evaporates it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't drive a car he walks",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't drive a car. The car drives him!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't drive, he tells the car where to go",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't drop a hot potato, he tosses it into his mouth & swallows it whole",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't drop the bass, the bass drops him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't eat because hunger can't catch up to him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't eat breakfast. the breakfast jumps in his mouth because nothing is safe outside of Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't eat food, the food goes into Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't eat honey, he chews bees !",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't eat honey. He chews bees..",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't eat nor drink..he survives on oxygen alone",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't eat regular muffins. He only eats renegade muffins",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't eat whipped cream. He prefers Quantum Leaped cream",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't eat, food just digests inside of him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't eat, he just sucks the energy out of food by staring at it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't eat. He refuels",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't enter toughest men competitions, they enter Scott Bakula competitions",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't even have to bid in an auction to win it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't exhale. The air runs desperately scared out of his lungs",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't expect the unexpected.  He knows the unexpected",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't fail. He just finds a new way it doesn't work",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't fall in love; love falls flat 3000 miles away from a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't fall, he merely tests the durability of the floor with his face",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't fear the FBC. FBC fears Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't fear the recession...the recession fears Scott Bakula!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't feed with bullets, that's idiotic. Bullets are jus snacks",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't feel pain, pain feels Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't fight.  He gives motivational seminars to die on their own to avoid a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't find these funny as they are all true",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't fire guns, the bullets run away from him!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't flirt all he says is NOW",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't flirt with women. He flirts with disaster",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the crap out of it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't fly through the air; the air moves out of Scott Bakula's way",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't fold paper airplanes, he folds airplanes into paper",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't fold paper airplanes, he folds airplanes into paper",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get addicted to Heroin, Heroin gets addicted to Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get capture behind enemy lines, he attacks from within",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get caught in the rain, water just likes to be near him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get diarrhea. Diarreah gets Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get excited to get presents from Santa. Santa gets excited to bring presents to Scott Bakula!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get frostbitten, his #bodypart# is capable of warming outerspace",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get hungry, his body does photosynthesis ...at night",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get hurt.  Hurt gets Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get ice cream headaches.  The ice cream knows better",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get laid. He lays people on the ground",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get lost in the jungle, the jungle gets lost in Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get old, he levels up",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get shark attacked, the shark gets Scott Bakula attacked",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't get struck by lightning, lightning gets struck by Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't gets lucky, lucky gets Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't give crap, He takes it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't give presents, he gives Quantum Leaps",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't give warnings. He doesn't have to, you should already know",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't go down with the ship, the ship goes down with Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't go fishing when he's hungry. He just chooses a lake to be soup",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't go hunting.... Scott Bakula GOES KILLING",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't go on the internet, he has every internet site stored in his memory. He refreshes webpages by blinking",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't go round roundabouts, roundabouts go round him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't go running, Scott Bakula goes chasing",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't go swimming, the water just wants to be around him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't go to the bathroom, the bathroom goes to Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't go to therapy, therapy goes to Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't grow taller, the world shrinks",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't grow up. He grows better",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a Facebook, he has a Fistbook...NO ONE'S HIS FRIEND!!!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a TV, He has a mirror instead",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a Twitter account because no one is stupid enough to follow Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a #bodypart# by choice, even the jaws of life can't cut it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a #bodypart# on his face. Scott Bakula's #bodypart# has a face",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a bed, because he visit Freddy Krueger's dreams every night",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a dog, he has a bear",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a friend list on Facebook he has a kill list",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a girl friend, why? Because he's still searching for one... that can survive his Quantum Leap, all has failed",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a house.........on Earth",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a left hand or foot. They are both always right",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a license...his #bodypart# does",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a list of friends on facebook, just a list of people he has Quantum Leaped to the face",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a mullet. His #bodypart# just has back-hair",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a reflection in the mirror because it's afraid to look at Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a seat in Parliament......he has a couch",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a shaver. He just have to blink",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a sidekick because he accidentally got in the way of a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a trophy cabinet, he has a meat freezer",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have a will. Invincible people don't need them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have an ESC key on his computer, no one ever escapes",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have an X-Box, he has an X-Circle",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have an attitude. He has a personality you can't handle",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have any power-ups, he's all maxed out",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have bad days. Bad days have Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have blood. He is filled with magma",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have excuses. Excuses have him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have feet, just another pair of fists",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have fights because a fight implies that the other guy can win",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have good aim. His bullets just know better than to miss",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have hair, just flames",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have hopes or dreams. He has plans",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have life insurance, the insurance companies pay him to spare their lives",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have nerves of steel. Steel is nervous about Scott Bakula!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have nightmares, Nightmares have Scott Bakula......& then they have to go pee",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have nightmares... his nightmares dream of him..",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have parents, he conceived himself",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have teeth. His mouth is actually full of smaller Scott Bakula's capable of biting through several parking meters simultaneously",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have teeth. His mouth is actually full of smaller Scott Bakula's capable of biting through several parking meters..",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to bath, dirt won't dare go near him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to buy anything. The shopkeeper gives Scott Bakula free stuff",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to do anything for a Klondike Bar",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to do anything for a klondike bar",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to face the consequences, the consequences have to face Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to go anywhere.  Places come to him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to grind coffee.  He walks into a room, & coffee beans fall to pieces",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to hold his breath under water. Water knows better than to try & drown Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to pay attention, attention has to pay Scott Bakula....on the 1st & 15th of every month",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to pay for membership.......anywhere",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to play the piano, the piano plays for him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to say Marco",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to sleep with one eye open; he can see through his eyelids",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to use the clutch",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have to worry about keeping up with the Kardashians... he knows where they are at all times",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't hold any world records, he broke them all",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't hula hoop. the hoop quickly revolves around him in sheer fright",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't hunt, hunting imposes the outcome of failure",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't jump he stares at gravity & it changes direction",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't jump into Xbox 360, Xbox 360 jumps into Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't jump sharks, he eats them whole",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't jump. He moves the ground away from him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't just get one piece of gum. He gets the whole pack",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't just kill you, he goes back in time & punches your mom in the stomache",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't just know the last digit of pi. HE IS the last digit of pi",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't keep up with the Jones'. The Jones' try to keep up with Scott Bakula...",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't kick satanic people to the sun, he kicks the sun to the satanic people",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't kill time. Time kills itself for Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't kill two birds with one stone. Scott Bakula kills all birds, with two stones",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't kill weeds, he dares them to grow",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't let it go",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't lick postage stamps, he stares at them until they wet themselves",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't lie. The truth is just wrong",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't lift weights he tells his muscles to get bigger",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't like Sara Lee",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't like lizards, that's why he killed the dinosaurs",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't listen to a song, the song listens to him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't live on earth, the earth lives under Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't live on the Earth, the Earth lives on Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't lock his car when he gets out... it locks it self cuz it's scared that he will get back in",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't look both ways before he crosses the street... he just Quantum Leaps any cars that get too close",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't lose a fight, he allows his opponent to win!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't lose the game, but you just did",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't make a splash when he jumps in the water, the water is just getting out of his way",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't make friends on Facebook, he makes enemies",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't make friends or enemies.  Scott Bakula only makes victims",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't make left turns because everything he does is right",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't make mashed potatoes. The potatoes get so scared they kill themselves",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't moon walk, the moon Scott Bakula-Scott Bakula Walks",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't move, the ground moves around him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't mow his lawn, he dares his grass to grow",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't mow his lawn, he stands on the porch & dares it to grow",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't mow his lawn, he stares at it & dares it to grow",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't mow his lawn. He just stands there & dares the grass to grow",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't mow the lawn. He goes outside & dares the grass to grow",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need 4G to make his phone go faster, messages come at the speed of light",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need IED's. He just stands amongst a group of terrorist & watch them implode from the inside out",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need Twitter. He's already following you",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a 3D TV, he looks at his TV the right way & it becomes 3D out of fear",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a GPS. Scott Bakula decides where he is",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a GPS: The World orients itself to where he wants to go",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a License to drive a car... The car needs a special license to be driven by Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a Total Gym... HE IS ONE",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a bigger boat",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a case for his phone. The ground is afraid to break it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a control key on his keyboard because he is always in control",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a costume for Halloween",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a doctor",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a jet pack, he is a Super Saiyan",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a ladder, tall things bow down in respect so he can reach them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a lawnmower, he stands outside & dares the grass to grow",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a microwave to heat up food. He looks at the food at it heats itself up",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a minute to win it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a remote for his T.V because he's always in control",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a security system.  Scott Bakula is a security system",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a shirt or shoes for service",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a stapler, he puts the paper between his fingers & they just stick",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a theme song because, you won't hear anything once your Quantum Leaped in the face",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need a wrench to fix a faucet, just his bare hands",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need connection to stay online",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need electricity at his house, everything runs out of fear",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need fish, he simply goes to a river or lake & says:'You,you,you,you in the bucket'",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need flashlights, he has night vision",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need glasses. He just gets new eyeballs",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need gravity.............. Gravity needs Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need help, help needs him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need his seatbelt becouse no one is stupid enough to hit him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need insurance, he's already in good hands",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need milkshake to bring the boys to the yard",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need money he gets everything for free",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need photos, he takes mental pictures",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need planes, he jumps",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need politics to be elected President of pain",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to get to de choppa! He is capable of sustained flight on his own",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to blow out his birthday candles. They extinguish themselves out of respect",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to eat. His hunger is satisfied by the presence of fear",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to exhale, he just opens his mouth & the air runs away by itself",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to impress the crowd, they just say WOW!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to light a cigarette to smoke it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to minimize programs to see the desktop, Scott Bakula see's all",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to mow his lawn, He dares the grass to grow",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to pay for the extended warranty.  He returns defective products to the manufacturer with a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to read...he always judges a book by its cover successfully every time",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to see to get around. Wherever he goes, everything immediately moves out of his way",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to travel...his destination comes to him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to use commas",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to wait for a bite when he goes fishing, the fish know Scott Bakula doesn't like to wait",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to walk, he tells the universe to get him where ever the hell he wants to go & it gets him there",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to wear a belt, he just tells his trousers to stay up",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to wear a coat during the winter. He drinks pure anti-freeze to stay warm",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to wear steel toes, his toes already are",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need transportation, his location goes to him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need twitter, he's already following you",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need twitter. He snatches humming birds from the sky & gives them 24 hrs to relay his message or die",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't not have a gun he just shoots bullets out of the side of his mouth where he stores his ammuntion",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't open a can of WHOOPASS he opens a Barrel of WHOOPASS",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't own a can opener, he just chews through the can",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't own a hand blender. He blends with his hand",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't own a lawn mower,... he just stands in his yard & dares it to grow",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't own a remote for his tv, stereo system or DVD player because he is always in control",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't own a telephone or a mobile, he simply shouts",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't own a toaster. He scares the bread into toast",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't pay attention - attention pays him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't pay income tax to the IRS. The IRS pays still breathing tax to Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't pay taxes.....He collects them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't pay the government, the government pays him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't pick apples. They jump off the tree into his basket",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't pick up his food to eat it. He commands it to enter his mouth",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't play Call of Duty. Playing is for children",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't play Horde or Alliance he plays on his own faction",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't play Modern Warefare 2. It's an insult to his massive collection of weapons",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't play cricket or baseball.  If he would, the ball or bat would have to be changed everytime",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't play dead for bears, bears play dead for Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't play dead when he sees a bear, instead the bear plays dead",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't play god. Playing is for children",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't play hop-scotch or jump-rope. He plays hop-Scotland & jump-Rome",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't play the game Sorry.  He's never sorry",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't play video games. Games play for him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't predict the future.  He knows the future",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't prepare dinner; dinner knows when to be ready",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't punch bags he punches faces",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't punch people.  If he did, they would disintegrate.  Instead, they throw themselves backwards to avoid his fist",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't punch, he allows your face to meet his fist",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't push someone out of the way of a car, he pushes the car out of the way of the person",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't put any qualifications or details on his Resumé, he just puts a picture of his Fist on it, gets the job everytime, no interview",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't put sugar cubes in his coffee, he puts moth balls",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't put the kettle on, he tells the kettle to boil",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't read my facts, since he already knows them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't read paragraphs, they abbreviate themselves for him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't read your mind, he tells it what to do",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't read. He just stares at the book until he gets the information he wants",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't revolve around the sun, the sun revolves around Him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't rock climb, rocks go into the ground",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't run out of bullets, bullets run out of Scott Bakulaes",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't run out of patience, patience runs out of him from fear of a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't say Trick or Treat. He says Trick & Treat",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't say good morning. The morning says good Scott Bakula to him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't sell his soul to the Devil, the Devil sells his to Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't send facebook friend request, he send friend demands",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't send facebook friend requests, he sends friend demands",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't send messages.  You better know what he wants",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't shave he molts!!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't shave his #bodypart#, his #bodypart# shaves him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't shave, he just feeds his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't shave, his #bodypart# grows to the perfect length & stops",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't shave.  He uses his #bodypart# to sharpen razors",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't shave..... his #bodypart# is retractable",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't shoot guns, guns shoot for him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't shoot you. He kicks a bullet through your head",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't shower, he only takes blood baths",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't sign his personal checks... & theyr'e always accepted",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't sleep with a teddy bear. He sleeps with a real bear",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't sleep... he waits.... with Charlie Sheen",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't sleep; he had a staring contest with his eyelids",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't smile, his mouth smiles for him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't smile, the corners of his mouth run upwards away from his fists",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't snap because snapping is a sign of weakness. His fury is actually quite controlled",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't stalk your mom, your mom stalks Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't step on toes; he steps on necks",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't stop at red lights, red lights stop at him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't stub his toes. He accidentally destroys chairs, bedframes, & sidewalks",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't submit Scott Bakulaisms, because Scott Bakula doesn't believe in submission of any kind",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't sweat.  He forces the air around him to cry & uses it's tears to cool himself",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't swim with dolphins, he bikes with them!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't swim, the water just wants to touch him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't swim, water just wants to be around him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't take a break, he gives them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't take pain relievers.  He's the cause of them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't take painkillers, he kills pain",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't take showers, he has total command over water",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't take showers... he takes Blood-baths",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't take steroids. Steroid take Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't take the cake, the cake sees Scott Bakula & begs to be devoured",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't take the plane, it is the plane that takes Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't tell lies. He changes facts",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't think he's better than everyone, everyone thinks Scott Bakula is better than them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't think much of the Big Bang...He can bang bigger",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't think, he knows",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't throw ninja stars. He throws terrified Ninjas who throw ninja stars for him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't throw the first punch. He throws the second four",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't throw the pokeball",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't throw up... he only throws down",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't trust anyone as far as he can Quantum Leap them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't turn the A/C on, he turns the sun down",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use Facebook or Twitter... he's already following you",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use Facebook, he uses #bodypart#book",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use OFF! Mosquitos instinctively know not to bite him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use a baseball bat, he uses his forearm & gets a homerun everytime",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use a fire extinguisher to put out fires...he just tells the fire to stop burning",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use a gun for target shooting; all he needs is a bullet",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use anti-virus. Viruses use anti-Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use apostrophes to let you know what's his",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use batteries. He powers things by touching them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use conditioner - HE decides whether his hair is soft",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use guns, he only uses bullets.... which he throws.... through whatever he feels like",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use his hand to catch bullets, he uses his mind",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use mac",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use mouthwash, he uses turpentine",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use oven mitts",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use seatbelts. Seatbelts use Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't use the steering wheel to drive.  The road forms where Scott Bakula wants to go",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't visit the Statue of Liberty;",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wait in line.....the line waits for him",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't walk anywhere, he stays in 1 place & moves the universe with his feet!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't walk up the stairway to heaven. He takes the elevator",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't walk, he stalks",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't want to be cool, cool wants to be Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't want to be fed. He wants to hunt",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wash dishes, they wet themselves out of fear",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wash his hands to get the germs out. The germs just ran away scared",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't waste time... he makes it",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't watch T.V the T.V plays what Scott Bakula wants to see",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't watch Two & a half Men. He is Two & a half Men",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't watch the news. Information falls at his feet in supplication at 6 & 10",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't water his plants. He plants his water",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wear a tanktop, he wears a whole tank",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wear a wristwatch.  He always knows when it's time to kick some ass",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wear black. Scott Bakula wears the absence of all colors",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wear clothes. His skin grows his clothes during the night",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wear flowers in his hair when he goes to San Francisco, he wears poison ivy",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wear glasses because the world adjusts to Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wear skinny jeans. Period",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wear sun glasses, the sun wears Scott Bakula glasses",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wear sunscreen, the sun wears Scott Bakula-screen",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wear sweaters.  His chest hair knits itself together",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wish on stars, he gives them demands",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't wonder how the pyramids were built",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't write books the words assemble themselves in fear",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't write his name, the paper does",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt bother to ask Who's your daddy because he knows",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt breath, the air goes into his lungs for saftey",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt die. He blinks",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt go to hell....hell comes to him",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt move a mussle to get somewere he makes the universe get of its lazy ass & move itself",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt need , AVG, Norton, or Mcafee. He is an Anti-Virus",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt need Twitter, he's already following you",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt need a computer.....he is one",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt need a keyboard or a mouse to use a computer",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt shave, he kicks himself in the face. The only thing that can cut Scott Bakula is Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt walk, the earth moves under his feet",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt wash his clothes he just kicks the crap out of them",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt wash his clothes, he Quantum Leaps the dirt off them",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt wear steel toes, he HAS steel toes",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt' walk away from explosions, explosions﻿ walk away from Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn´t get hit by cars, they get hit by HIM",
    "Scott Bakula doesn´t run at the speed of light, the light travels at the speed of Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t age. Every birthday is just another year added to his existence, which sucks for you",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t believe in belts. There is no system by which his toughness can be gauged. Nor does a color exist to express his awesomeness",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t believe in the metric system, hence America has not switched over",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t compete in sports. He allows other people to have a chance at breaking records too",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t eat salad, he eats vegetarians",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t make excuses; Scott Bakula makes history",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t need to work as people pay him to protect themselves",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t own a Kindle. Why would he want an Etch-A-Sketch to remind him of the books he’s already read?",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t own a stove; water comes to a boil while he watches the pot filling",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t respond – he retaliates!",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t sweat, water condenses on him because of how cool he is",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t wash his clothes, he disembowels them",
    "Scott Bakula doesn’t wear a watch. HE decides what time it is",
    "Scott Bakula don't have allergy of bullshits. Bullshits have allergy of him",
    "Scott Bakula don't open no can of whoopass. He makes his own",
    "Scott Bakula don't shower, he only take blood baths",
    "Scott Bakula donated a drop of blood to a dying vampire, his name was Dracula",
    "Scott Bakula donates blood to NASA for rocket fuel",
    "Scott Bakula donates his #bodypart# to Locks of Love every two weeks",
    "Scott Bakula dose not do jumpin jacks they do Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula dosen't get frost bite, he bites frost",
    "Scott Bakula dosen't go for a run, he goes for a chase!",
    "Scott Bakula dosen't have a bad hair day...hair has a bad Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula dosen't need a hammer to hit the nail. He just need his index finger & press the nail against heavy metal",
    "Scott Bakula dosen't need a job because he gets all his income from being Scott Bakula & Quantum Leaping u in the face",
    "Scott Bakula dosen't need a life.........life needs Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula dosen't need to pull the pin on grenades, they just blow up from fear",
    "Scott Bakula dosen't need to stand on top of the empire state building to kill someone with a penny",
    "Scott Bakula dosen't take risks risks take Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula dosent carry a list. He always knows what to do",
    "Scott Bakula dosent get lost...Everything around him is in the wrong place!",
    "Scott Bakula dosn't find peace, he makes it",
    "Scott Bakula dosn't get old he gets wise",
    "Scott Bakula dosn't need a bullet proof vest because the bullets wouldn't dare hit him",
    "Scott Bakula dosnt go hunting because hunting infers the possibility of failure. Chck Scott Bakula goes killing",
    "Scott Bakula douses all his food in diesel fuel & sets it on fire, 'cuz he likes it mildly spicy",
    "Scott Bakula downloads his Xbox 360 games from the Playstation Store",
    "Scott Bakula drew a triangle with four sides",
    "Scott Bakula drinks 5 hour energy drinks to help him relax",
    "Scott Bakula drinks Tabasco when he's thirsty",
    "Scott Bakula drinks battery acid to sooth his heartburn",
    "Scott Bakula drinks coffee to go to sleep",
    "Scott Bakula drinks his honey every morning...  straight from the bee hives",
    "Scott Bakula drinks milk",
    "Scott Bakula drinks milk from the carton......DEAL WITH IT!",
    "Scott Bakula drinks napalm to quell his heartburn",
    "Scott Bakula drives a hybrid car...It runs on diesel & rage!",
    "Scott Bakula drives an ice cream truck covered in human skulls",
    "Scott Bakula drives his car from the back seat",
    "Scott Bakula drives in reverse",
    "Scott Bakula drives in reverse & still drives better than you..",
    "Scott Bakula drives in screws by turning them to the left",
    "Scott Bakula dropped an apple once, & gravity was born",
    "Scott Bakula dropped the apple on Isaac Newtons Head",
    "Scott Bakula dug the Panama Canal with a plastic spoon",
    "Scott Bakula earned the nickname woodScott Bakula because he threw a 30 ton log from Miami, Florida to Moscow, Russia with his #bodypart#. In his sleep",
    "Scott Bakula eats American Bald Eagle eggs for breakfast. With a side of human baby",
    "Scott Bakula eats Langoliers & picks his teeth with the Eiffel Tower",
    "Scott Bakula eats batteries for extra energy",
    "Scott Bakula eats beef jerky & craps gunpowder. Then, he uses that gunpowder to make a bullet, which he uses to kill a cow & make more beef jerky. Some people refer to this as the Circle of Life",
    "Scott Bakula eats beer & drinks bear for breakfast",
    "Scott Bakula eats black holes for breakfast. They taste like chicken",
    "Scott Bakula eats bread from tomorrow",
    "Scott Bakula eats champions for breakfast",
    "Scott Bakula eats coffee beans to go to sleep, & takes sleeping pills to stay awake",
    "Scott Bakula eats danger for breakfast",
    "Scott Bakula eats friends fries",
    "Scott Bakula eats guys like you for breakfast. & puppies. & Coco Pops",
    "Scott Bakula eats his cereal in bleach",
    "Scott Bakula eats his tortilla chips with lava",
    "Scott Bakula eats lightning & farts thunder",
    "Scott Bakula eats lunch at night",
    "Scott Bakula eats metal & craps chains",
    "Scott Bakula eats nails for breakfast... without any milk",
    "Scott Bakula eats nuclear bombs like watermelons",
    "Scott Bakula eats pistachios in the same manner one consumes sunflower seeds",
    "Scott Bakula eats plates",
    "Scott Bakula eats rainbows to taste the Skittles",
    "Scott Bakula eats rice with toothpicks",
    "Scott Bakula eats rocks for breakfest",
    "Scott Bakula eats snake legs for breakfast",
    "Scott Bakula eats the core of an apple first",
    "Scott Bakula eats the core of an apple first",
    "Scott Bakula eats the inside of his oranges & bananas without opening the peels",
    "Scott Bakula eats through his teeth",
    "Scott Bakula eats water & drinks food",
    "Scott Bakula electrocuted the toaster when it fell into his bathtub",
    "Scott Bakula ended the black plague",
    "Scott Bakula ended the song that never ends",
    "Scott Bakula ended the world, brought it back to life & is still planning how he will end it again",
    "Scott Bakula enjoys a good practical joke. His favorite is where he removes your lower intestine & pretends to make a balloon animal out of it",
    "Scott Bakula enjoys a good romance novel after he has killed 100 men, ate a bowl of nails, & won the Korean war",
    "Scott Bakula enrolled in Harvard, Princeton & Yale on the same day & graduated on the same day with degrees in every field",
    "Scott Bakula enters before knocking",
    "Scott Bakula escaped from Alcatraz by walking out the front gate",
    "Scott Bakula exhales air at the speed of sound",
    "Scott Bakula extinguishes his alarm clock in spite of only looking at it",
    "Scott Bakula faced his toughest opponent yet...Rush Limbaugh...& his ego, but Scott Bakula won!",
    "Scott Bakula faced the Elite Four with nothing but a level 18 Magicarp; its Splash KO'd all 26 Pokemon at once",
    "Scott Bakula facts will never die, just like Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula failed 7th grade Science. The only thing he recognized on the periodic table was the element of suprise",
    "Scott Bakula failed in Chemistry because the only element he knows is the element of surprise",
    "Scott Bakula fed the Hunger Games",
    "Scott Bakula feels fly like a G7",
    "Scott Bakula fell off his bike once & the road got Scott Bakula rash",
    "Scott Bakula fights acne, & wins",
    "Scott Bakula figured out the secret of the universe. He just never told anyone",
    "Scott Bakula finds it impossible to understand the concept of impossibility",
    "Scott Bakula finished Minecraft",
    "Scott Bakula finished all the video games in the World, without having a monitor",
    "Scott Bakula finished reading Facebook",
    "Scott Bakula finished the Everlasting Gobstopper",
    "Scott Bakula finished the Never Ending Story",
    "Scott Bakula finished the song that does not end",
    "Scott Bakula fires 20 rounds with a 17-round magazine, then inserts 3 bullets into it, because they should be stored empty",
    "Scott Bakula fires Donald Trump",
    "Scott Bakula first film was released before he was born",
    "Scott Bakula fistfights with his #bodypart#. That way he gets the perfect uppercut",
    "Scott Bakula flashed before life's eyes",
    "Scott Bakula flew boats in the Vietnam War",
    "Scott Bakula flew his first paper airplane when he was 4 years old.  It landed yesterday",
    "Scott Bakula flicked a booger once from a grassy knoll",
    "Scott Bakula flies to the North Pole to give Santa his present",
    "Scott Bakula flosses his teeth with razor wire",
    "Scott Bakula flosses on a daily basis, using the Bayeux Tapistry",
    "Scott Bakula flosses with an electric fence",
    "Scott Bakula flosses with bicycle chains",
    "Scott Bakula foot prints pop out of the ground",
    "Scott Bakula forced mee two mizpell da worths in dis sentase",
    "Scott Bakula forms a new continent every step he takes",
    "Scott Bakula fought the law & won",
    "Scott Bakula fought the law... he kicked it's ass!",
    "Scott Bakula found Carmen sandiego & promptly killed her",
    "Scott Bakula found Hidden Valley",
    "Scott Bakula found Nemo",
    "Scott Bakula found Nemo with his eyes closed",
    "Scott Bakula found Private Ryan...before he enlisted",
    "Scott Bakula found Saddam",
    "Scott Bakula found Waldo 12 years ago. He now wears Waldo's skin, waiting for new prey to search for him",
    "Scott Bakula found Waldo, & killed him",
    "Scott Bakula found Waldo, Quantum Leaped him, into space. that's why the world can't find him",
    "Scott Bakula found Waldo- Before the books came out",
    "Scott Bakula found Waldo... in a Harry Potter's book",
    "Scott Bakula found the 51st shade of gray",
    "Scott Bakula found the G-Spot",
    "Scott Bakula found the TV show Lost",
    "Scott Bakula found the end of Space",
    "Scott Bakula found the end of the rainbow.... at night",
    "Scott Bakula found the invisible man",
    "Scott Bakula found the last digit of pie",
    "Scott Bakula found the needle in the haystack. & Quantum Leaped it",
    "Scott Bakula found the stairway to heaven, but he prefers the elevator",
    "Scott Bakula found the treasure on Treasure Island",
    "Scott Bakula frequently calls 911- just to see if he can help out",
    "Scott Bakula frequently donates blood. Just never his own",
    "Scott Bakula gargles with antifreeze",
    "Scott Bakula gargles with frag grenades",
    "Scott Bakula gave Black Ops a thumbs up & people at Microsoft a Quantum Leap in the face. Suck it Microsoft",
    "Scott Bakula gave Cheez Whiz it's personality",
    "Scott Bakula gave Dr. Phil advice",
    "Scott Bakula gave H1N1 the Flu",
    "Scott Bakula gave birth to himself because nobody else is capable (or could even live) to give birth to Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula gave birth to himself",
    "Scott Bakula gave his barber a hair cut",
    "Scott Bakula gave his little cousin a noogy. The headless horseman was born..",
    "Scott Bakula gave the eulogy at his own funeral",
    "Scott Bakula gets 6 points for a field goal",
    "Scott Bakula gets a the highest score possible on Wii Fit by sitting down",
    "Scott Bakula gets everything on the internet for free.  His computer is too afraid to ask for his personal information",
    "Scott Bakula gets his 5 o'clock shadow in the a.m",
    "Scott Bakula gets his Tattoos done with a Jackhammer",
    "Scott Bakula gets his own Electoral Vote",
    "Scott Bakula gets his toast right every time",
    "Scott Bakula gets offered valet parking at Drive-Thrus",
    "Scott Bakula gets reception on his iPhone4",
    "Scott Bakula gets served before he enters the restaurant",
    "Scott Bakula gets service at the gas station with out a shirt or shoes on",
    "Scott Bakula gets the joke-- before it's told",
    "Scott Bakula gets younger by the kill",
    "Scott Bakula gives Freddy Krueger nightmares!",
    "Scott Bakula gives his beer a hangover",
    "Scott Bakula gives life lemons",
    "Scott Bakula gives poison ivy a rash",
    "Scott Bakula goes bowling with golf balls",
    "Scott Bakula goes bowling with his own head",
    "Scott Bakula goes deep sea fishing without a boat",
    "Scott Bakula goes down the highway to hell once a week",
    "Scott Bakula goes from 0 to kick ass in. . ., well, he doesn't actually have zero, he pretty much just has kick ass",
    "Scott Bakula goes on Jeopardy & doesn't answer in the form of a question",
    "Scott Bakula goes on safari...on foot",
    "Scott Bakula goes sunbathing... Quite literally....",
    "Scott Bakula goes to Hell for some R & R",
    "Scott Bakula goes to Silent Hill for the weekends",
    "Scott Bakula got 2410 on the SAT",
    "Scott Bakula got UNO while playing Texas hold 'em",
    "Scott Bakula got a 37 on his ACT",
    "Scott Bakula got a flame & froze it",
    "Scott Bakula got a grand slam with the bases empty",
    "Scott Bakula got a perfect SAT score by just putting his name on the paper..",
    "Scott Bakula got added by facebook itself",
    "Scott Bakula got an A+ times infinity in Physical Education",
    "Scott Bakula got full prestige on Call of Duty, Modern Warfare 2 by simply slamming his face repeatedly into the controller",
    "Scott Bakula got his drivers license at the age of 16. Seconds",
    "Scott Bakula got hit by thunder",
    "Scott Bakula got hit in mortal kombat & still got a flawless",
    "Scott Bakula got in the fifth house of Hogwarts",
    "Scott Bakula got into Cambridge... WITHOUT any qualifications",
    "Scott Bakula got milk",
    "Scott Bakula got pissed at all the noise, so he Quantum Leaped World War 3 out of history",
    "Scott Bakula got shallowed by a shark once...He had shark for dinner that night",
    "Scott Bakula got shot nine times & didn't blink. 50 cent was crying",
    "Scott Bakula got swept over Niagara Falls...He liked it so much, he swam back up & did it again",
    "Scott Bakula got the privilege to have more than 10 items in the rapid line",
    "Scott Bakula got to 500 million friends, without making a single enemy",
    "Scott Bakula got to the end of a bottomless pit",
    "Scott Bakula got very angry at himself once & hardly survived",
    "Scott Bakula grabbed the Crazy Train & saved it from going off the rails",
    "Scott Bakula graduated college in one hour",
    "Scott Bakula graduated from college on March 10, 1935, 5 years before he was born",
    "Scott Bakula graduated from the University of Bad-Ass, with a degree in whoop ass, & a concentration in Quantum Leaps to the face",
    "Scott Bakula grates cheese with his abs",
    "Scott Bakula grew a #bodypart# at the age of eighteen. Seconds",
    "Scott Bakula grinds his coffe with his teeth then boils it with his rage",
    "Scott Bakula grinds his coffee with his teeth & boils the water with his own rage",
    "Scott Bakula grows weed in Farmville & sells it on Mafia Wars",
    "Scott Bakula guards the police",
    "Scott Bakula had Gas, the atomic bomb was born",
    "Scott Bakula had a bowl of nails for breakfast, he ate them through his nose",
    "Scott Bakula had a bowl of nails for breakfast...without any milk",
    "Scott Bakula had a fever once, Now we have global warming",
    "Scott Bakula had a knife thrown at him.... the knife didn't impale him, he impaled the knife",
    "Scott Bakula had a knife thrown at him............          the knife didn't impale him, he impaled the knife",
    "Scott Bakula had a middle name, until it noticed that it had to be between Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula had a perfect NCAA bracket, & was able to watch the final game between Butler & UConn from start to finish",
    "Scott Bakula had a staring contest with nothing, & won",
    "Scott Bakula had a starring conntest with a miror ... & won",
    "Scott Bakula had a talk with the Honey Badger. He now cares",
    "Scott Bakula had a twin, Scott Bakula ate him in the womb..",
    "Scott Bakula had already done what Nike wants to do.",
    "Scott Bakula had athelets foot once in 1994, He gave little Timmy a Quantum Leap to the face... We now know little Timmy as Tim Tebow.",
    "Scott Bakula had his DNA sequenced... scientists were shocked to find out it was a copy of The Art of War",
    "Scott Bakula had his first job as a paperboy. There were no survivors",
    "Scott Bakula had no friends in his childhood because they all died playing dodge-ball with him",
    "Scott Bakula had only one encounter with Murphy's Law.  He gave it a Quantum Leap.  Now the Law looks the other way, FOREVER",
    "Scott Bakula had six kids, they were called SEAL TEAM 6",
    "Scott Bakula had to stop making movies. Too many casualties in the end",
    "Scott Bakula had to write a story on bravery he got a A+ for writting his name",
    "Scott Bakula had two horses, one white & one black. To make a difference between them, he cut the white horses tail",
    "Scott Bakula has inside jokes with complete strangers",
    "Scott Bakula has like button on Facebook just like everybody else. However, he also has a Quantum Leap button. & it delivers real Quantum Leaps",
    "Scott Bakula has 10 custom classes on Modern Warfare 2, & hes never prestiged",
    "Scott Bakula has 2 kids. We know them as Pain & Suffering",
    "Scott Bakula has 3 knees on each leg",
    "Scott Bakula has 382 ways to eat Oreo",
    "Scott Bakula has 4000 Xbox 360's. 3999 are used for target practice",
    "Scott Bakula has 5 bathtubs, they are known as the Great Lakes",
    "Scott Bakula has 501 million friends on facebook",
    "Scott Bakula has 58 different Heinz 57 sauces",
    "Scott Bakula has Intel inside",
    "Scott Bakula has Multan lava & small mountains for breakfast",
    "Scott Bakula has NEVER set his clocks back... that's how he know's the future",
    "Scott Bakula has Wii Sports on his iPhone",
    "Scott Bakula has Windows 7 on his Etch-A-Sketch, & it was his idea",
    "Scott Bakula has Xbox Live on his PS3",
    "Scott Bakula has a 25 hour day",
    "Scott Bakula has a Gmail ID.. it is gmail@ScottBakula.com",
    "Scott Bakula has a LIONfeeder in his backyard",
    "Scott Bakula has a Mnopoly but no one dares to challenge him because it's a Monopoly on pain",
    "Scott Bakula has a Myspace account... on Facebook",
    "Scott Bakula has a Piranha pond in his tranquility garden",
    "Scott Bakula has a Quantum Leap button on his Facebook page, & when he deletes a friend they actually die",
    "Scott Bakula has a basement in his treehouse",
    "Scott Bakula has a batting average of 12",
    "Scott Bakula has a battlecruiser & a car",
    "Scott Bakula has a beach-house in Alaska",
    "Scott Bakula has a birthday any day he wants",
    "Scott Bakula has a black & red, striped chain belt in Tang Soo Do",
    "Scott Bakula has a black belt in every language",
    "Scott Bakula has a butler. The butler's name is Bruce Wayne",
    "Scott Bakula has a dislike button on his Facebook account",
    "Scott Bakula has a face only a mother could love. anybody else was immediately killed by a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula has a facebook account... WITHOUT TIMELINE",
    "Scott Bakula has a grizzly bear carpet in his room. The bear isn't dead it is just afriad to move",
    "Scott Bakula has a lava lamp made from actual lava",
    "Scott Bakula has a membership at every site. His username is Scott BakulaScott BakulawillQuantum Leapkickyou",
    "Scott Bakula has a muscle on every hair on his body",
    "Scott Bakula has a parachute made out of air",
    "Scott Bakula has a pcture of Moses in his year book",
    "Scott Bakula has a phone, his number is 911",
    "Scott Bakula has a sign outside his house that says Waring: Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula has a six-pack on his chin",
    "Scott Bakula has a stunt double. For crying scenes",
    "Scott Bakula has a touch screen Walkman",
    "Scott Bakula has a working appendix",
    "Scott Bakula has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life",
    "Scott Bakula has already found the cure for cancer, but he hasn't used it because he's to busy Quantum Leaping people in the face",
    "Scott Bakula has an 8 millionth degree black belt",
    "Scott Bakula has an Xbox Live account. On Playstation",
    "Scott Bakula has an alter ego, Kuan Fu Chen",
    "Scott Bakula has an arm chair made exclusively out of real arms",
    "Scott Bakula has an asteroid named after him. It's called Apophis",
    "Scott Bakula has an infinite amount of chromosomes. His DNA is made of solid gold",
    "Scott Bakula has an online encyclopedia",
    "Scott Bakula has banned rainbows from the state of North Dakota",
    "Scott Bakula has beaten Final Fantasy VII before it even started",
    "Scott Bakula has been added to the Assault Weapons ban list",
    "Scott Bakula has been known to split hairs",
    "Scott Bakula has been on the other side of a black hole",
    "Scott Bakula has been to all seven continents without traveling a mile",
    "Scott Bakula has been to mars.... thats why theres no longer life there",
    "Scott Bakula has been to the center of the Universe. On foot!",
    "Scott Bakula has bitten the Macintosh Apple",
    "Scott Bakula has brought a person back to life with a Quantum Leap to the face, then promptly killed them again with another Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula has cheated death… & deaths just gonna have to live with it",
    "Scott Bakula has clicked the unclickable button... twice",
    "Scott Bakula has cool accessories",
    "Scott Bakula has custom fit boots... they fit everyones ass!!!",
    "Scott Bakula has dibbs on your girl",
    "Scott Bakula has everything on you",
    "Scott Bakula has eyes on the back of his head",
    "Scott Bakula has eyes on the palm of his fist",
    "Scott Bakula has fallen asleep once... They callled it the dark ages",
    "Scott Bakula has finnished World of Warcraft",
    "Scott Bakula has found what he was looking for. Twice",
    "Scott Bakula has four devices of mass destruction that he always carries. Two arms & two legs",
    "Scott Bakula has given a snake a high-five",
    "Scott Bakula has given me permission to type this sentence. Alternative to his permission: DEATH",
    "Scott Bakula has got away with it even with those pesky kids",
    "Scott Bakula has heads on the back of his eyes",
    "Scott Bakula has heads on the back of his eyes",
    "Scott Bakula has heard the actual voice of Charlie Brown's teacher..",
    "Scott Bakula has held the World Championship in every weight class at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula has his birthday once.....every light year",
    "Scott Bakula has his hand prints in the sidewalk on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. He insisted on doing them after the concrete had set",
    "Scott Bakula has his meat so rare he only eats unicorns",
    "Scott Bakula has his own Zodiac sign",
    "Scott Bakula has his own brand of cereal.  Quantum Leap Crunch",
    "Scott Bakula has his own football team. Guess who's gonna win the super bowl",
    "Scott Bakula has his own private company for makeing diamond edged petrol powerd clippers to trim his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula has his own protien powder. The ingriedients include: cocoa powder, stem cells, dodo egg protien, enriched uranium, LSD, & Vin Diesel",
    "Scott Bakula has his own searchbar",
    "Scott Bakula has his own show.  Extreme Makeover:  Face Edition",
    "Scott Bakula has his own website, it's called kickepedia",
    "Scott Bakula has his throne on top of a floating volcano",
    "Scott Bakula has learned reincarnation. I guess some don't get away that easy",
    "Scott Bakula has lived on the sun, this period of time was known as the Ice Age",
    "Scott Bakula has made a 148 break a snooker",
    "Scott Bakula has memories.....of the Future",
    "Scott Bakula has more friends than Facebook itself",
    "Scott Bakula has more lives than Pacman",
    "Scott Bakula has more testosterone than Lady Gaga",
    "Scott Bakula has never acted in a movie or tv show, he just shows up, Quantum Leaps someone & gets paid",
    "Scott Bakula has never actually been in a movie, but he has been generous enough to allow the world see some of his home videos",
    "Scott Bakula has never been denied after submitting a Scott Bakula Fact",
    "Scott Bakula has never been in a fight, ever. Do you call one Quantum Leap to the face a fight?",
    "Scott Bakula has never been stuck in a wind storm, the wind goes around him!",
    "Scott Bakula has never given anyone the old one-two. One is always sufficient",
    "Scott Bakula has never had a suprise party. Because Nobody fools Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula has never killed a man with his kick, he disintegrates their molecular structure",
    "Scott Bakula has never looked a baby in the eyes cause it might him cry but if he does it also makes him want to punch a baby",
    "Scott Bakula has never once been back to the drawing board. Any board that comes in contact with Scott Bakula is immediately broken",
    "Scott Bakula has never received an electricity bill, he powers everything with his rage",
    "Scott Bakula has never shaved because he has yet to find a blade sharp enough to cut through awesome",
    "Scott Bakula has never submitted a fact here because if he had, there would have been a new rating for it called: written by Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula has never taken a test, because no one questions Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula has never used a question mark in his life",
    "Scott Bakula has never watched Rambo; he hates Chick Flicks",
    "Scott Bakula has never won an Academy Award for acting... because he's not acting",
    "Scott Bakula has nicknames for his feet... Hiroshima & Nagaski",
    "Scott Bakula has no Achillies heel. He has no heels. Period",
    "Scott Bakula has no beginning & no end",
    "Scott Bakula has no command button on his Mac, because he is always in command",
    "Scott Bakula has no doors in his house, just walls he walks through!",
    "Scott Bakula has no father. He went back in time to father himself",
    "Scott Bakula has no freezer. He stares at food & they freeze with fear",
    "Scott Bakula has no friends, people just like him so that they don't get a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula has no heart, he's just that good",
    "Scott Bakula has no living enemies",
    "Scott Bakula has no need for a TV remote. He stares at his television, until it changes the channel",
    "Scott Bakula has no need for guns because he can kill you with mind bullets",
    "Scott Bakula has no need for sandpaper, his fingers get the job done better",
    "Scott Bakula has no need to walk. The universe simply moves around him",
    "Scott Bakula has no opposite & no equal - he transcends both duality & non-duality",
    "Scott Bakula has no reflection, for there is only one Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula has no shadow because he destroyed it while shadow boxing",
    "Scott Bakula has no shadow. No shadow could handle the pressure of being Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula has no shadow....nothing's stupid enough to follow Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula has nothing to do with Pokemon. If he did, then pokegod912 wouldn't be the god of pokemon",
    "Scott Bakula has one pet. It's name is fear",
    "Scott Bakula has one son... his name is Goku",
    "Scott Bakula has only one fear: It's to find out that there is no one left to Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula has only one friend on Facebook: Pain",
    "Scott Bakula has only played Pacman twice, & beat the game both times.  The ghosts were too afraid to leave their little box to try to stop him",
    "Scott Bakula has only sneezed once & that created the BIG BANG!",
    "Scott Bakula has only used the 'Total Gym' twice in his life. When his eyes are open - & when they are closed",
    "Scott Bakula has permanent night vision",
    "Scott Bakula has proven Newton's third law of physics, there is no force equal to a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula has size ten feet but wears size three shoes",
    "Scott Bakula has sneezing allergies in the mid-to-late fall. This time is typically referred to as hurricane season",
    "Scott Bakula has so many friends on facebook, he needs 3 accounts",
    "Scott Bakula has stared Fear in the face.......& Fear looked away",
    "Scott Bakula has swum the English Channel to the other side & back... completely submerged the entire way",
    "Scott Bakula has the greatest invention of all time…whoop as*",
    "Scott Bakula has the heads of  King Kong, Predator & all of the 300 Spartans on his wall",
    "Scott Bakula has the iPhone 5",
    "Scott Bakula has the iPhone 6 & Runs &roid on it",
    "Scott Bakula has the iPhone 6, & he runs &roid on it",
    "Scott Bakula has the power of God, OOPS I got it backwards",
    "Scott Bakula has the right to Bear Arms. Because he is big & strong",
    "Scott Bakula has the right to keep & arm bears",
    "Scott Bakula has the rights to be the ruler of every country",
    "Scott Bakula has the screams of his victims on shuffle on his MP3 player",
    "Scott Bakula has three meal's a day.... blood, sweat & tears!",
    "Scott Bakula has three meals a day; blood, sweat, & tears",
    "Scott Bakula has to register every part of his body as a separate lethal weapon. His spleen is considered a concealed weapon in over 50 states",
    "Scott Bakula has to shave with bolt cutters. Fact",
    "Scott Bakula has to trim his #bodypart# with a light saber",
    "Scott Bakula has to use a stunt double when he does crying scenes",
    "Scott Bakula has to visit the dentist twice a month in order to remove the jawbreakers stuck between his teeth",
    "Scott Bakula has tried Charlie Sheen the drug, & DIDN'T die..",
    "Scott Bakula has two speeds. Walk, & Kill",
    "Scott Bakula has two speeds: kill & shag your girlfriend",
    "Scott Bakula has volunteered to remain on earth after the Rapture, he will spend his time fighting the Anti-Christ",
    "Scott Bakula has won a number of Emmys but refuses to accept the award until the staute grows a breard",
    "Scott Bakula has yet to be entirely pissed off. Why? Because we would call that event The Apocolypse",
    "Scott Bakula hated unicorns",
    "Scott Bakula hates Scott Bakula Facts, he thinks this site underestimates him",
    "Scott Bakula hates Raymond",
    "Scott Bakula hates both the player & the game",
    "Scott Bakula hates punctuation. Period",
    "Scott Bakula hates the word Quantum Leap, because no house is big enough",
    "Scott Bakula hates you... cuz you're not Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula haunts ghosts",
    "Scott Bakula heals all wounds",
    "Scott Bakula heard Einstein's Theory of Relativity & ruled it irrelivant",
    "Scott Bakula heard his mom sing Cry me a River, hence the Amazon",
    "Scott Bakula heard that tree fall",
    "Scott Bakula held gravitation responsible for people falling in love",
    "Scott Bakula helps little old ladies cross the street...Bad guys get kicked to the curb!",
    "Scott Bakula high dives from an airplane into a kiddie pool & does not make a splash",
    "Scott Bakula hit 10th Prestige on MW3 in one game, with only himself, two days before it was released, while offline..",
    "Scott Bakula hit a home run in a football game",
    "Scott Bakula hit a home run, he didn't swing the bat, he just scared the ball out of the park",
    "Scott Bakula hit a homerun while playing for the Dallas Cowboys",
    "Scott Bakula hit you tomorrow, is going to hit you yesterday, & you're now dead",
    "Scott Bakula hits the snooze button so hard, he puts himself in a coma",
    "Scott Bakula holds the Guinness World Record for the most #bodypart# related killings",
    "Scott Bakula hunts elephants with spit wads & a drinking straw",
    "Scott Bakula hunts with a finger gun",
    "Scott Bakula in Spanish is still Scott Bakula. There is only one language for pain",
    "Scott Bakula inadvertently created the baby boomer generation...in one night.  He had just ended WWII & was feeling a little anxious",
    "Scott Bakula installed his own home security system. It's called Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula invented 1080p so people could see his #bodypart# is made of razor wire",
    "Scott Bakula invented Al Gore",
    "Scott Bakula invented Kentucky Fried Chicken's famous secret recipe, with eleven herbs & spices. But nobody ever mentions the twelfth ingredient: Fear",
    "Scott Bakula invented NunScott Bakulas after he defeated 100 Evil Nuns with two wooden rulers tied together",
    "Scott Bakula invented Old Spice",
    "Scott Bakula invented a cloning machine so he can trust somebody",
    "Scott Bakula invented a new kind of oil. Cruel Oil",
    "Scott Bakula invented a pencil for left handed people",
    "Scott Bakula invented air so every time you breath you owe him 25 cents",
    "Scott Bakula invented all 32 letters of the alphabet",
    "Scott Bakula invented black. In fact he invented the entire spectrum of visible light. Except pink. Tom Cruise invented pink",
    "Scott Bakula invented blu-ray",
    "Scott Bakula invented cancer to let the lucky ones die from something other than a Quantum Leap. He also holds the cure in case they threaten him",
    "Scott Bakula invented double rainbows: he Quantum Leaped a normal one in half",
    "Scott Bakula invented foosball when he skewered two soccer teams with flagpoles & played the first game against Mr. T",
    "Scott Bakula invented half when he Quantum Leaped the number 1",
    "Scott Bakula invented he explanation mark",
    "Scott Bakula invented headbangin & breakdancin way before us mortals knew of it",
    "Scott Bakula invented his own type of karate. It's called Scott Bakula-Will-Kill",
    "Scott Bakula invented hot sauce. To put on his peppers",
    "Scott Bakula invented left & right just so he could Quantum Leap people in both directions",
    "Scott Bakula invented life",
    "Scott Bakula invented life, but Byron gave him the idea",
    "Scott Bakula invented math when he started counting",
    "Scott Bakula invented pain as part of his stand up act",
    "Scott Bakula invented pain",
    "Scott Bakula invented quickscoping in mw2",
    "Scott Bakula invented rap music when his heart started beating",
    "Scott Bakula invented shadow duels",
    "Scott Bakula invented sound, just to hear when he Quantum Leaps people",
    "Scott Bakula invented texting WHILE he was driving",
    "Scott Bakula invented the Giraffe when he Quantum Leaped a spotted Horse in the chin",
    "Scott Bakula invented the english language while mumbling in his sleep",
    "Scott Bakula invented the gym",
    "Scott Bakula invented the hamburger by kicking a cow through a chain-link fence",
    "Scott Bakula invented the high-five",
    "Scott Bakula invented the internet",
    "Scott Bakula invented the internet so that he could reach his enemies, preferably ninjas",
    "Scott Bakula invented the internet to e-Quantum Leap everyone at once",
    "Scott Bakula invented the laser when he plucked a sunbeam out of thin air & told it to behave itself",
    "Scott Bakula invented the octagon. He Quantum Leaped a circle 8 times",
    "Scott Bakula invented the printing press by putting two pieces of blank paper together",
    "Scott Bakula invented the question mark",
    "Scott Bakula invented the question mark...so he could say the sentence Do you want to die slowly of fast?",
    "Scott Bakula invented the red solo cup",
    "Scott Bakula invented turtle milk",
    "Scott Bakula invented volcanoes so he could finally have a nice hot bath",
    "Scott Bakula invented zombies so that he can kill his victims again",
    "Scott Bakula is 1/8th Cherokee. This has nothing to do with ancestry, he just ate a Jeep",
    "Scott Bakula is America's next top model",
    "Scott Bakula is Christian because he killed all the other gods.  He made Zeus cry",
    "Scott Bakula is Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula is Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula is DEFCON 5",
    "Scott Bakula is Darth Vaders father",
    "Scott Bakula is Father Time's grandpa",
    "Scott Bakula is Freddy Krugers nightmare",
    "Scott Bakula is Kratos's (the god of war) stuntman",
    "Scott Bakula is Kryptonite in rare form",
    "Scott Bakula is Lady Gaga's bad romance",
    "Scott Bakula is Luke's father",
    "Scott Bakula is Man's Best Friend...but if you break the Law, the Law breaks you!",
    "Scott Bakula is Mother Nature's Father & Old Man Winter's Grandfather",
    "Scott Bakula is Simon Cowell's judge",
    "Scott Bakula is Superman's Kryptonite",
    "Scott Bakula is The Stig",
    "Scott Bakula is a Ghostwriter... For Google",
    "Scott Bakula is a brilliant inventor, he invented Death",
    "Scott Bakula is a fact",
    "Scott Bakula is a hunter. But Scott Bakula does not hunt. That implies the possibility of failure",
    "Scott Bakula is a pacifist. He can pass-a-fist through your face",
    "Scott Bakula is a real life Master Builder",
    "Scott Bakula is a true gentleman. Always willing to protect a Damsel in Distress & Steven Sagal",
    "Scott Bakula is a universal translator even though he only knows one language",
    "Scott Bakula is a vegetarian. Meaning, he does not eat animals until first he puts them into vegetative state with his fists",
    "Scott Bakula is a war on terror",
    "Scott Bakula is able to count to infinity.  Twice",
    "Scott Bakula is able to pause online games",
    "Scott Bakula is actually a former world champion in karate",
    "Scott Bakula is actually killing everybody that writes facts on this site. Even if he finds them funny & true",
    "Scott Bakula is actually the fifth Beatle",
    "Scott Bakula is against the harpooning of whales - Scott Bakula only kills whales with his bare hands",
    "Scott Bakula is all fingers & thumbs. in your face",
    "Scott Bakula is allergic to weakness",
    "Scott Bakula is allowed to remove that tag on new pillows",
    "Scott Bakula is allowed to talk about Fightclub",
    "Scott Bakula is always ahead of everybody else. But during Daylight Savings Time he is 2 hours ahead",
    "Scott Bakula is always right. Once he thought he was wrong, but he was just mistaken",
    "Scott Bakula is always suspicious of Conservation Trusts!",
    "Scott Bakula is always the home team",
    "Scott Bakula is an anagram for every terrifying word ever, all put together",
    "Scott Bakula is an eleven on the Mohs scale",
    "Scott Bakula is an island",
    "Scott Bakula is an unstoppable force & an immovable object",
    "Scott Bakula is & can be the only real Transformer",
    "Scott Bakula is another name for Terror",
    "Scott Bakula is as serious as a heart attack",
    "Scott Bakula is awake 25hrs a day",
    "Scott Bakula is awesome... plainly put",
    "Scott Bakula is banned from the Guinness Book of Records, everyone knows why",
    "Scott Bakula is better known by is full name The Angel of Death Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula is better looking than Tom Cruise, smarter than Stephen Hawking, & more enraged than Mel Gibson",
    "Scott Bakula is better than Google, because you can find everything in Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula is both a rock & a hard place",
    "Scott Bakula is both the poison & the antidote",
    "Scott Bakula is capable of killing a man with his thumb - he just prefers kicking people to death instead",
    "Scott Bakula is colder than absolute zero",
    "Scott Bakula is currently just a 'caterpillar' of his species. When he becomes the 'butterfly', he'll suck the moon dry & lay eggs on the sun",
    "Scott Bakula is currently suing NBC, claiming Law & Order are trademarked names for his left & right legs",
    "Scott Bakula is entitiled to his own facts",
    "Scott Bakula is everything & nothing",
    "Scott Bakula is exempt from ObamaCare",
    "Scott Bakula is expected to win gold in every swimming competition at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, even though Scott Bakula does not swim",
    "Scott Bakula is going to be 1 year old in 2012",
    "Scott Bakula is his own hero",
    "Scott Bakula is his own line at the DMV",
    "Scott Bakula is his own role model",
    "Scott Bakula is hope & change",
    "Scott Bakula is how the west was won",
    "Scott Bakula is in every action film ever made but sometimes he only shows up as EXPLOSIONS",
    "Scott Bakula is in everyone. Specifically, his foot is Quantum Leaped into everyone's face at any one time. The force of it is up to him",
    "Scott Bakula is in the Super Smash Bros. series. He played as the Smash Ball",
    "Scott Bakula is in the middle, not Malcolm",
    "Scott Bakula is infinity years old",
    "Scott Bakula is infintilingual, he speaks infinite languages",
    "Scott Bakula is just sheer Greatness!!!",
    "Scott Bakula is known from coast to coast like butter on toast",
    "Scott Bakula is latin for the bringer of death",
    "Scott Bakula is like Peter Petrelli. But better",
    "Scott Bakula is like a diamond. He can't be destroyed, & nobody questions his value",
    "Scott Bakula is like corn because as much crap as he goes through, he always comes out in one piece",
    "Scott Bakula is modest to a fault, except that the fault is yours",
    "Scott Bakula is more animal than the zoo allows",
    "Scott Bakula is more technically accomplished on guitar than Yngwie Malmsteen, & Scott Bakula plays air guitar",
    "Scott Bakula is my Homeboy",
    "Scott Bakula is my favorite color!",
    "Scott Bakula is never late....time is just early",
    "Scott Bakula is never surrounded, he is attacking in all directions!",
    "Scott Bakula is no man, no woman, no God, no Devil. Scott Bakula is simply Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula is not 70 years old.  At age 60, he began getting younger.  This is why he is actually only 50",
    "Scott Bakula is not Scott Bakula's real name. If anybody speaks his name they will die. Immediately",
    "Scott Bakula is not Irish. His hair is soaked in the blood of his victims",
    "Scott Bakula is not Politically Correct. He is just Correct. Always",
    "Scott Bakula is not a lady's man, he is a man of lady's",
    "Scott Bakula is not a man, he is a machine",
    "Scott Bakula is not a racist...he is every colour",
    "Scott Bakula is not afraid of anything, but that doesn´t scare him..",
    "Scott Bakula is not allowed at Disneyland, because they want to keep it the happiest place on earth",
    "Scott Bakula is not allowed in Oklahoma.  His spin kicks cause tornadoes",
    "Scott Bakula is not allowed in an airplane because every piece of him is a lethal weapon & can't pass the security gates",
    "Scott Bakula is not allowed in hell because the devil is scared of him",
    "Scott Bakula is not allowed on commercial flights because his fists are considered deadly weapons",
    "Scott Bakula is not allowed to participate in the Olympics to give everyone else a chance",
    "Scott Bakula is not capable of hitting a target on the broad side of a barn. Every time he tries, the whole damn barn falls down",
    "Scott Bakula is not ignoring you. Your comment is awaiting moderation",
    "Scott Bakula is not immortal, he just chooses not to die",
    "Scott Bakula is not impressed with your facts..",
    "Scott Bakula is not in this world to live up to your expectations. You are only to watch his movies & weep with fear",
    "Scott Bakula is not inside the Matrix. The Matrix is inside Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula is not made of Protons, Neutrons, & Electrons. He's made of Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula is not not the coolest person alive... then I woke up",
    "Scott Bakula is not only a noun, but a verb",
    "Scott Bakula is not the cat's meow.  However, all cat meows ARE translated as Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula is not to be idolized or worshiped.  He is to be feared... forever",
    "Scott Bakula is now a real Texas Ranger, now all the others can QUIT!!",
    "Scott Bakula is officially on the periodic table",
    "Scott Bakula is on call to relieve Atlas",
    "Scott Bakula is on the 11th Prestigue on Modern Warfare 2 ... It took one game to get there",
    "Scott Bakula is only 70 in human years. In Scott Bakula years he is 25",
    "Scott Bakula is only afraid of two things... Two Scott Bakula'",
    "Scott Bakula is only scared of one thing - Mamma Scott Bakula!",
    "Scott Bakula is operating Bermuda Triangle",
    "Scott Bakula is over 9000!!!",
    "Scott Bakula is overra..",
    "Scott Bakula is physically unable to be physically unable",
    "Scott Bakula is pure love!",
    "Scott Bakula is right behind you!                                                 Made you look",
    "Scott Bakula is sexy & he knows it",
    "Scott Bakula is slowly killing Nicholas Sparks",
    "Scott Bakula is smarter than a 5th grader",
    "Scott Bakula is sneezing with two eyes wide-open!",
    "Scott Bakula is so Scott Bakula that he's Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula is so accepted that you can use it as a word in Wordfeud",
    "Scott Bakula is so awesome he never has to reload his Uzi in the entire movie Delta Force",
    "Scott Bakula is so awesome that Ellen once asked him for a date",
    "Scott Bakula is so awesome that he hates when people call him aweso /// Dear fans, don't call me awesome",
    "Scott Bakula is so awesome, to him the word impossible just means mildly inconvenient",
    "Scott Bakula is so bad he makes onions cry",
    "Scott Bakula is so bad he makes viruses sick. As such, Scott Bakula is also responsible for the eradication of smallpox",
    "Scott Bakula is so bad, that one time he let me win a fight.....he still won!",
    "Scott Bakula is so big. Yeah thats it..",
    "Scott Bakula is so busy you must fill out a form & wait in line to get Quantum Leaped",
    "Scott Bakula is so cool he doesnt move a mussle to get somewere he makes the universe get of its lazy ass & move itself",
    "Scott Bakula is so cool that if he decided to take a swim in a volcano, the worlds inner would freeze to ice",
    "Scott Bakula is so cool, mandM´s doesn't melt in his hand",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast he can get out of bed, turn on his light & be in bed before the light turns off",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast he can run around the world & punch himself in the back of the head",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast that he can leave work at 4:30 pm & arrive home at 3:30 am on the same day",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast that he can lock a drawer & actually make it to throw the key inside before it locks!!!",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast that he can lock a drawer & leave the key inside",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast that he can ring three doorbels at the same time!!!",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast that he can visit 12 planets at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast that the GPS speaks to him in the past tense",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast that when he runs, he can see his back",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast, he can dodge raindrops",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast, he can lock a drawer with the key still inside it",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast, he can run around the world & punch himself in the back of the head",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast, he can startle his own reflection",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast, he can turn the light off & get into bed before it gets dark",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast, he dropped a coin & it landed on the back of his head",
    "Scott Bakula is so fast, light runs out of breath trying to keep up",
    "Scott Bakula is so freaking bad if you ever see him fighting a grizzly bear you better jump in & help the bear!!!",
    "Scott Bakula is so hard, he uses diamonds as stress balls",
    "Scott Bakula is so hot he makes the sun sweat",
    "Scott Bakula is so hot that for a while he worked as the sun",
    "Scott Bakula is so iconic that you will submit clever one-liners without recognition, payment, or appreciation",
    "Scott Bakula is so intelligent He knows more than google",
    "Scott Bakula is so intimidating even his reflection won't look back at him",
    "Scott Bakula is so manly he cannot see the colour pink",
    "Scott Bakula is so persuasive that he convinced a mirror he wasn't there",
    "Scott Bakula is so powerful he can jumpstart a car by attaching the cables to his chest hair",
    "Scott Bakula is so quick that he can Quantum Leap you into next week",
    "Scott Bakula is so scary he makes Sharks swim backwards away from him",
    "Scott Bakula is so strong, he can punch a hole through thin air",
    "Scott Bakula is so tough he can grow hair through his clothing",
    "Scott Bakula is so tough he can unscramble scrambled eggs",
    "Scott Bakula is so tough he doesn't eat ice cream, he makes ice scream",
    "Scott Bakula is so tough he doesn't eat ice cream..... He makes ice scream",
    "Scott Bakula is so tough he went skydiving without a parachute twice",
    "Scott Bakula is so tough, he has to have a concealed weapons permit to put his hands in his pockets",
    "Scott Bakula is so tough, he makes onions cry",
    "Scott Bakula is so tough, he once ate a bowl of Lord Odin. & for a snack, Thor",
    "Scott Bakula is spelled with a silent awesome",
    "Scott Bakula is standing behind you right now!!",
    "Scott Bakula is standing right behind you when you're reading this",
    "Scott Bakula is still the only undefeated Roman gladiator in history",
    "Scott Bakula is stone cold.      Not Steve Aulston",
    "Scott Bakula is such a man when he walks down the street at midnight hookers come to him with money",
    "Scott Bakula is sugar & spice & everything nice..... Everything nice that kills you painfully",
    "Scott Bakula is suing Japan, claiming Hiroshima & Nagasaki are the trade marks of his left & right fists",
    "Scott Bakula is suing Sony for his trademarked motto It Only Does Everything",
    "Scott Bakula is suprised that there are enough people still alive to tell these facts",
    "Scott Bakula is taking a nap right now, his alarm is set for December 21st 2012",
    "Scott Bakula is ten feet tall, weighs two-tons, breathes fire, & could eat a hammer & take a shotgun blast standing",
    "Scott Bakula is the White Ninja",
    "Scott Bakula is the orginal Situation",
    "Scott Bakula is the .NET garbage collector",
    "Scott Bakula is the 13th month",
    "Scott Bakula is the 27th letter of the alphabet",
    "Scott Bakula is the Boogey man to the Boogey man, wait let me rephrase that. Scott Bakula is the Boogey Man to everybody",
    "Scott Bakula is the Dos Equis man. Stay thirsty my friends",
    "Scott Bakula is the Keeper of the Seven Keys",
    "Scott Bakula is the ONLY one on Santas permanent Good list",
    "Scott Bakula is the ONLY wonder of the world",
    "Scott Bakula is the Principal of home school",
    "Scott Bakula is the Reason Oscar is in a trash can",
    "Scott Bakula is the Stig",
    "Scott Bakula is the Yin & the Yang",
    "Scott Bakula is the answer to Fermi paradox",
    "Scott Bakula is the asskicker you are the asskickie",
    "Scott Bakula is the baddest man on four legs",
    "Scott Bakula is the best a man can get!",
    "Scott Bakula is the best golfer in the world. He can make a hole in zero. The golf ball rolls to the hole to hide",
    "Scott Bakula is the bravest human in the galaxy; he listened to a complete Justin Bieber album",
    "Scott Bakula is the calm before the storm",
    "Scott Bakula is the descendant of Rasputin",
    "Scott Bakula is the eighth wonder of the world",
    "Scott Bakula is the end-game boss to the final expansion of World of Warcraft & he's unbeatable",
    "Scott Bakula is the exception that proves every rule",
    "Scott Bakula is the father of Father Time",
    "Scott Bakula is the fifth Beatle",
    "Scott Bakula is the final Super Sayian level",
    "Scott Bakula is the founding father of Quantum Leapology",
    "Scott Bakula is the ghost in Paranormal Activity; when the guy went flying at the end, it was because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him",
    "Scott Bakula is the greatest thing, period, despite his invention of sliced bread",
    "Scott Bakula is the king of fighters",
    "Scott Bakula is the landlord of the Hall of Justice",
    "Scott Bakula is the last person you'll ever see",
    "Scott Bakula is the life of a party that he never went to",
    "Scott Bakula is the life of parties he dosen't attend",
    "Scott Bakula is the lighter side of dark",
    "Scott Bakula is the like button",
    "Scott Bakula is the man in the moon",
    "Scott Bakula is the man that Freddy Krueger dreams about..",
    "Scott Bakula is the man who shot Liberty Valance",
    "Scott Bakula is the meaning of life. Too bad he's also the meaning of death",
    "Scott Bakula is the missing link",
    "Scott Bakula is the monster under your bed",
    "Scott Bakula is the new black",
    "Scott Bakula is the nightmare in his dreams",
    "Scott Bakula is the only arm chair quarterback to win 3 Super Bowls & an MVP",
    "Scott Bakula is the only exception to rule 34",
    "Scott Bakula is the only guy who can eat a banana with out looking gay",
    "Scott Bakula is the only known carrier of blood type Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula is the only known creature which can survive in the vacuum of space",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man alive who can bend Uri Geller without use of physical power",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man alive who can curl his toes into a fist",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man allowed to touch Mr. T's mohawk",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man that can look cool skipping",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man that can make Master Chief's head turn",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man that knows how to delete the Recycle Bin ",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man to beat a brick wall at Tennis",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man to ever hit Steven Seagal",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man to punch a cyclops between the eyes",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man who can beat light at track",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man who can legally sell the Brooklyn Bridge to unsuspecting tourists",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man who can live with & without women",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man who can pick up water. Or for that matter ANY liquid",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man who can put mandM's in alphabetical order",
    "Scott Bakula is the only man who can stab you with a basketball- brandon delariva",
    "Scott Bakula is the only one to tell Dirty Harry, Do you feel lucky, punk",
    "Scott Bakula is the only one who can divide ZERO to ZERO!!",
    "Scott Bakula is the only one who can drink sand",
    "Scott Bakula is the only one who can touch MC Hammer",
    "Scott Bakula is the only one who can touch the art in the museum",
    "Scott Bakula is the only one who doesn't have to tell PayPal to switch the funding source to his credit card. (Which by the way, has no limit!)",
    "Scott Bakula is the only one, who can live happily ever after",
    "Scott Bakula is the only one, who can win a game of Monopoly by saying Checkmate",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person a laser sight refuses to shine on",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person able beat a fish at holding his breath under water",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person capable of setting a person on fire....underwater",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person in the world allowed to count cards in Las Vegas",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person in the world that can actually email a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person in the world that never loses the game",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person in the world who can do a Quantum Leap. Using his fists",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person that can deliver a Quantum Leap in full 1080p, remember that the next time you watch Walker Texas Ranger in Blu-Ray",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person that can drink lava",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person that can get buffalo wings from a real buffalo",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person that can kick you in the back of your face",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person that owns TWO Birthday Suits",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person to ever hit a hole-in-zero while golfing",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person to ever sing the last verse of The Song That Doesn't End",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person to ever win a staring contest against Ray Charles & Stevie Wonder at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person tough enough to be named.....Scott Bakula!",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person who can bring his boots to a gun fight & win",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person who can literally break a sweat",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person who can stop the roadrunner. One Quantum Leap to the legs",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person who can talk about himself in fourth person",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person who can win at Monopoly with a one dollar bill, a get out of jail free cards, & his fists",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person who could truly judge a book by its' cover",
    "Scott Bakula is the only person who knows exacly when he`ll die...NEVER",
    "Scott Bakula is the only thing that can survive in a vacuum",
    "Scott Bakula is the only vegan that can eat meat",
    "Scott Bakula is the real Slim Shady",
    "Scott Bakula is the real Slim Shady",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Abe Lincoln is honest",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Atlantis is gone",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Barbie dumped Ken",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Britney Spears is insane",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Dorothy must follow the yellow brick road",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason ET went home",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason George is Curious",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Gregory House has a limp",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Jack is in the box",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Kenny dies all the time",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Mario started shrooms",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Michel Jackson has no nose",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Nyan cat is running",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Pluto is no longer a planet",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason Pluto is no longer a planet",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason The Joker is insane!",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason dogs bite their own tail",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason for Aliens not coming to Earth",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason for the word help",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason praying mantises pray",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason that James Cameron's Avatars are blue",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason that all VHS players flash 12 o'clock",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason that the vampires couldn't go out at day",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason that the world will end in 2012. He was getting bored with the Earth",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason that, Everybody Hates Chris",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason the the jack is in the box",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason the Chinese have different eyes. His Quantum Leaps can do anything",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason the Easter Bunny hides his eggs",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason the Illuminati was formed",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason the Mayans disappeared",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason the planes crashed into the twin towers. Osama took the credit...& that's why Osama is hiding",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason the word awesome exists",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason they call it the Nervous system",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason to why 2Pac is hiding",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason we sing the blues",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Bigfoot is always hiding",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Dr. Dre hasn't released Detox yet..",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why George Michael is never gonna dance again",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Goldman cannot speak correctly",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Jack is in the box",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Jersey Shore is going to Italy",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why LeBron James took his talents to South Beach",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Michael Jordan finally retired",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Mother Nature is an unmarried mom",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Oscar lives in a trash can",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Professor X is on a wheelchair",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Santa Claus only comes once a year",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why The Birds are angry",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Vampires only came out at night...until he put them in coffins!",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Waldo is hiding",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why Waldo is hiding",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why exodia is in five pieces",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why it's called Breaking News",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why lemmings commit suicide!",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why people prefer to hide than seek in hide & seek",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why the Dead Sea is dead",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why the Myans stopped working on their callender!",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why the Raven says, Nevermore!",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why the Titanic Sank",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why the midget in the Wizard of OZ hung himself",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why the three mice are blind",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why the toys hide in a Happy Meal",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why the words Bad & Ass came together to form Bad Ass",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why there is a Petrified Forest",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason why there's only one airbender left",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason you are reading this!",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason you don't mess with the Zohan",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason you turn a light on when you enter a room",
    "Scott Bakula is the secret of the universe",
    "Scott Bakula is the solution to every time travel paradox",
    "Scott Bakula is the star of Mission:Possible",
    "Scott Bakula is the thing that dreams are scared of.....",
    "Scott Bakula is the unexpected item in your bagging area",
    "Scott Bakula is the unstoppable force & the immoveable object",
    "Scott Bakula is the walrus. The goo goo gjoob that follows is the sound of blood gurgling from the Beatles throats",
    "Scott Bakula is the way the cookie crumbles",
    "Scott Bakula is to be & not to be",
    "Scott Bakula is too cool to get hot, & too hot to get cool",
    "Scott Bakula is tougher than Woodpecker lips",
    "Scott Bakula is tougher than my grandmother's Christmas sweaters",
    "Scott Bakula is tougher than nails",
    "Scott Bakula is under contract with Zales & DeBeer not to eat coal",
    "Scott Bakula is used to buying shoes that can't handle his Quantum Leap. If you see him buying shoes he's only buying to eat the silica",
    "Scott Bakula is very proud of his lightening-in-a-bottle collection",
    "Scott Bakula is waiting for Mt. St. Helens to erupt again. He's hoping the lava is hot enough to soften his #bodypart# so he can shave for the first time",
    "Scott Bakula is watching you......Right at this moment.........Which is now......",
    "Scott Bakula is what Willis was talking about",
    "Scott Bakula is what happens when a gremlin eats after midnight",
    "Scott Bakula is what makes the Central Nervous System nervous",
    "Scott Bakula is what the Hokey Pokey is all about",
    "Scott Bakula is what you get when you open a can of whoop-butt",
    "Scott Bakula is who killed Kenny",
    "Scott Bakula is why Carls. Jr made the Philly cheesteak burger",
    "Scott Bakula is why Darth Vader needs to wear his suit",
    "Scott Bakula is why Texas Rangers are powerful today",
    "Scott Bakula is why some animals are knocturnal",
    "Scott Bakula is why we don't need no stinking badgers",
    "Scott Bakula is with you at all times waiting for you to do something bad, so he can pound you. You can't see him /OO. - he is next to you right now",
    "Scott Bakula is your daddy",
    "Scott Bakula is",
    "Scott Bakula isn't a cat person but if he was, he would own 3 lions, a snow leopard, & cougar",
    "Scott Bakula isn't a character in Clue because he would always be guilty",
    "Scott Bakula isn't a good shot, his bullets just know better than to miss",
    "Scott Bakula isn't a man, Man is a Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula isn't addicted to anything. Everything is addicted Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula isn't afraid to show his feminine side.  If he had one",
    "Scott Bakula isn't allergic to anything, allergens are allergic to him!",
    "Scott Bakula isn't allergic to pollen.  Pollen is allergic to Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula isn't allowed at the zoo because when he's there the animals are terriefied to come out their cages",
    "Scott Bakula isn't an Ass Kicking Machine...he's an all over body Kicking Machine",
    "Scott Bakula isn't an actor. The whole universe is acting for him",
    "Scott Bakula isn't in the movie The Expendables, because Scott Bakula isn't expendable",
    "Scott Bakula isn't invincible.  Invincibility means being Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula isn't just a name, it's a cause of death",
    "Scott Bakula isn't lovin' it",
    "Scott Bakula isn't on Earth, the Earth is on Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula isn't one with the universe. The universe isn't ready",
    "Scott Bakula isn't scared of Hitler. Hitler is scared of Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula isn't strong, he's Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula isn't the top of the food chain....he IS the food chain",
    "Scott Bakula isnt in the dictanary, becasue they couldent think of a way to describe him",
    "Scott Bakula jacuzzi's in active Volcanoes. On May 18th 1980 while relaxing in Mount St Helens, he farted!!",
    "Scott Bakula joined Twitter. His first tweet was 141 characters long",
    "Scott Bakula joined the Price Is Right he won a telephone & gym showcase",
    "Scott Bakula jokes don't even need punchlines",
    "Scott Bakula juggles live hand grenades with his hands tied behind his back",
    "Scott Bakula jumped off a bridge into a river. The water didn't live much longer......",
    "Scott Bakula jumped off a building once. The ground didn't make it.",
    "Scott Bakula jumps along the river",
    "Scott Bakula jumps on hand grenades to shave his chest hair",
    "Scott Bakula just called on his satelite phone; he was on Mars",
    "Scott Bakula just did it (before Nike)",
    "Scott Bakula just made you read this sentence",
    "Scott Bakula just returned from a vacation in Pakistan",
    "Scott Bakula just Quantum Leaped Brett Favre for a pair of Wrangler jeans",
    "Scott Bakula just says no to drugs. If he said yes, it would collapse Colombia's infrastructure",
    "Scott Bakula just snorted an entire kilo of Charlie Sheen... nope, no effect",
    "Scott Bakula keeps a list of all his victims, it's called the phone book",
    "Scott Bakula keeps a paper Facebook at home",
    "Scott Bakula keeps caffeine up at night",
    "Scott Bakula keeps his friends close & his enemies closer. Close enough to drop them with one Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula keeps his friends close & his enemies dead",
    "Scott Bakula keeps his house on a leash, to make sure it doesn't run away",
    "Scott Bakula keeps the earth spinning with continuous Quantum Leaps",
    "Scott Bakula keyboard doesn't need a delete button",
    "Scott Bakula kicked Humpty Dumpty off the wall",
    "Scott Bakula kicked a hole through his shoe while wearing it",
    "Scott Bakula kicked planet earth, & it hasn't stopped spinning to this day",
    "Scott Bakula kicked the first ball in the world cup from his front yard in Texas",
    "Scott Bakula kicked the world once, it hasn't stopped spinning",
    "Scott Bakula killed 2 stones with 1 bird",
    "Scott Bakula killed Disco",
    "Scott Bakula killed Heath Ledger..nobody ruins the image of cowboys & lives",
    "Scott Bakula killed Hip Hop",
    "Scott Bakula killed Schrödinger's cat by Quantum Leaping the box",
    "Scott Bakula killed The Undertaker",
    "Scott Bakula killed Tom Hagen",
    "Scott Bakula killed Tupac & Biggie",
    "Scott Bakula killed a man with his thumb",
    "Scott Bakula killed death with his pinkie",
    "Scott Bakula killed the devil & is selling his own line of Picks of Destiny, available in all Scott Bakula approved guitar shops",
    "Scott Bakula killed the writers of the popular tv sitcom Charles in Charge for blatently lying to the public",
    "Scott Bakula killed two rocks with one stone",
    "Scott Bakula kills 100% of germs",
    "Scott Bakula kills 99.9% of germs; the other .1% is submitted to cleaning & grooming his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula kills cartoon characters",
    "Scott Bakula kills dead people",
    "Scott Bakula kills people because he is hungry",
    "Scott Bakula kills the dead",
    "Scott Bakula kills time in  his spare time",
    "Scott Bakula kills you 5 times before you hit the ground",
    "Scott Bakula knew that the bird is the word before The Trashmen did!",
    "Scott Bakula knocks your socks on. When you have your shoes on",
    "Scott Bakula knows Doctor Who",
    "Scott Bakula knows EVERY word in EVERY language plus ten thousand more !",
    "Scott Bakula knows How He Met Your Mother, but he won't tell you",
    "Scott Bakula knows John & Jane Doe",
    "Scott Bakula knows Victoria's Secret",
    "Scott Bakula knows a word that rhymes with Orange",
    "Scott Bakula knows all 11 secret herbs & spices",
    "Scott Bakula knows exactly what time he went to sleep",
    "Scott Bakula knows for sure whether or not this sentence is a lie",
    "Scott Bakula knows he could catch a bullet with his teeth. He just cant find someone to point a gun at him",
    "Scott Bakula knows how The Endless Story ends",
    "Scott Bakula knows how deep is the abyss",
    "Scott Bakula knows how long a piece of string is",
    "Scott Bakula knows how long a piece of string is",
    "Scott Bakula knows how magnets work",
    "Scott Bakula knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop",
    "Scott Bakula knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop. -GrAvE",
    "Scott Bakula knows how many licks it takes to get to the center to a tootsie roll pop",
    "Scott Bakula knows how much wood the woodScott Bakula can Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula knows how pain feels like, only because he bit his tongue once",
    "Scott Bakula knows how to kill you in more ways than you know how to die",
    "Scott Bakula knows if Schrödinger's cat is alive or death",
    "Scott Bakula knows if zebras are white with black stripes or black with white stipes",
    "Scott Bakula knows jack",
    "Scott Bakula knows no fear…but fear has been known to hide from Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula knows only the thrill of victory, he will never face the agony of defeat",
    "Scott Bakula knows sign language. It consist of Quantum Leaps & fists to the face",
    "Scott Bakula knows that The Mona Lisa is not smiling...she would never dare to.Nobody smiles at Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula knows that there is an i in team",
    "Scott Bakula knows the Muffin Man",
    "Scott Bakula knows the answer to to be, or not to be",
    "Scott Bakula knows the end of HEROES",
    "Scott Bakula knows the future like it was yesterday",
    "Scott Bakula knows the last digit of pi",
    "Scott Bakula knows the last number of infinity",
    "Scott Bakula knows the meaning of life",
    "Scott Bakula knows the other word for the Thesaurus",
    "Scott Bakula knows the power of the Dark Side..",
    "Scott Bakula knows the real identity of The Stig",
    "Scott Bakula knows the secret of the Caramilk",
    "Scott Bakula knows the unknown",
    "Scott Bakula knows what Willis is talkin' bout- Bbrandon Delariva",
    "Scott Bakula knows what a double rainbow means",
    "Scott Bakula knows what color a smurf turns when you choke it",
    "Scott Bakula knows what color a smurf turns when you choke it",
    "Scott Bakula knows what color his mirror is",
    "Scott Bakula knows what happened to Farrah's baby's daddy",
    "Scott Bakula knows what happened to Tony Soprano",
    "Scott Bakula knows what he did, tomorrow",
    "Scott Bakula knows what is at the bottom of a bottomless pit!",
    "Scott Bakula knows what is on its antipodes",
    "Scott Bakula knows what pi tastes like",
    "Scott Bakula knows what the double rainbow means",
    "Scott Bakula knows what you did last summer",
    "Scott Bakula knows what you did last summer",
    "Scott Bakula knows what you want even though you dont know it yet",
    "Scott Bakula knows what you'll do next summer",
    "Scott Bakula knows what's behind the border of the universe",
    "Scott Bakula knows what's eating Gilbert Grape",
    "Scott Bakula knows what's in the vault at Fort Knox",
    "Scott Bakula knows when you are sleeping, & he knows when you're awake. But the only present he'll ever bring you is a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula knows when you will die. He always knows when someone will die",
    "Scott Bakula knows where Banana Republic is",
    "Scott Bakula knows where Elvis is",
    "Scott Bakula knows where Harold Holt is",
    "Scott Bakula knows where Hidden Valley is",
    "Scott Bakula knows where Jimmy Buffets lost shaker of salt is",
    "Scott Bakula knows where Jimmy Hoffa is",
    "Scott Bakula knows where that dude's car is",
    "Scott Bakula knows where the Secret Garden is",
    "Scott Bakula knows where the Simpsons live",
    "Scott Bakula knows where you live... & he'll never forget",
    "Scott Bakula knows where you live.......& he knows where you die",
    "Scott Bakula knows who A is",
    "Scott Bakula knows who Clark Kent is",
    "Scott Bakula knows who anonymous is",
    "Scott Bakula knows who is watching his Facebook profile",
    "Scott Bakula knows who the next president is",
    "Scott Bakula knows why kids love Cinnammon Toast Crunch",
    "Scott Bakula laughs in the face of danger. & then Quantum Leaps it to death",
    "Scott Bakula learned the alphabet by using an abacus",
    "Scott Bakula learned to kill before he could crawl",
    "Scott Bakula leaves no fistprints",
    "Scott Bakula left before he arrived",
    "Scott Bakula let facts about him circulate... They make his enemies underestimate his true power",
    "Scott Bakula let the dogs out",
    "Scott Bakula let the dogs out...to kill you",
    "Scott Bakula lights a candle by clapping twice",
    "Scott Bakula like life....lucky her",
    "Scott Bakula likes Apples for dessert ... especially Macbook Pros & Airbooks",
    "Scott Bakula likes eating Chinese food, including the chopsticks",
    "Scott Bakula likes everyone on the earth, cause everyone he didn't like... Is dead..",
    "Scott Bakula likes his coffee half & half: half coffee grounds, half wood-grain alcohol",
    "Scott Bakula likes his ice like he likes his skulls: crushed",
    "Scott Bakula likes his martini Quantum Leaped... not shaken",
    "Scott Bakula likes his steaks still mooing",
    "Scott Bakula likes pie, deal with it",
    "Scott Bakula likes steel wool... it's his loofah",
    "Scott Bakula likes to start the day with an egg poached in the tears of his victims",
    "Scott Bakula likes to vacation in the Bermuda Triangle, & he doesn't like it when people bother him. The mystery of the Bermuda Triangle is solved",
    "Scott Bakula listens to silent films",
    "Scott Bakula listens to the voices in YOUR head",
    "Scott Bakula lit a match & ended the Cold War",
    "Scott Bakula literally CAN carry the weight of the world on his shoulders",
    "Scott Bakula literally sweats bullets",
    "Scott Bakula little finger can feed a dinosaur for years!",
    "Scott Bakula lives by the code Better to give than to receive. He gives pain, more than his victims can handle",
    "Scott Bakula lives in a all white house with all white furniture & all white carpet. Why? Dirt knows better",
    "Scott Bakula lives in the center of the sun. He thought all of the other planets weren't good enough for him",
    "Scott Bakula lives on The Road Not Taken",
    "Scott Bakula logs onto the internet using his typewriter",
    "Scott Bakula looked Medusa straight in the eyes, & laughed..",
    "Scott Bakula looked at a $50 bill when seeing double. Guess what was on the back",
    "Scott Bakula looks at IEDs & the trigger man blows up",
    "Scott Bakula looks better than his reflection",
    "Scott Bakula looks cool with his pants on the ground",
    "Scott Bakula looks down on Shaquille O-Neil",
    "Scott Bakula looks gift horses in the mouth",
    "Scott Bakula lost a fight only once, it was an internal struggle... to not Quantum Leap you in the head. Come to think of it, you lost that fight",
    "Scott Bakula lost over a million Twitter followers with one Quantum Leap. One of them was Charlie Sheen",
    "Scott Bakula lost to Bruce Lee in a fight. The name Bruce Lee has been removed from existence",
    "Scott Bakula loves a bath. Bloodbath",
    "Scott Bakula loves all animals....medium rare",
    "Scott Bakula loves riding rollercoasters - standing upside down on the front seat",
    "Scott Bakula made 2011 disappear",
    "Scott Bakula made Benjamin Button to grow backwards",
    "Scott Bakula made Clint Eastwood's day",
    "Scott Bakula made Dirty Harry's day",
    "Scott Bakula made Eve eat the apple in fear of being Quantum Leaped",
    "Scott Bakula made Hello Kitty say Goodbye!",
    "Scott Bakula made Joey Jordison as his own drums",
    "Scott Bakula made Journey stop beleiving",
    "Scott Bakula made Journey stop believing",
    "Scott Bakula made Lil' Wayne drop the world",
    "Scott Bakula made Mission Impossible possible",
    "Scott Bakula made Newton write 3 laws of physics just to break them..... he was having a boring weekend",
    "Scott Bakula made Nike Just Do It",
    "Scott Bakula made Rick Astley, Give Up!",
    "Scott Bakula made Ronald McDonald the Joker",
    "Scott Bakula made Super Man stop in his tracks",
    "Scott Bakula made Victor Mildrew believe it!!",
    "Scott Bakula made Zeus into a myth",
    "Scott Bakula made a drink & went to make some ice. We call this the iceage",
    "Scott Bakula made a hole in one from the first tee of Augusta National to the eighteenth hole of Pebble Beach",
    "Scott Bakula made a mistake once & it corrected itself",
    "Scott Bakula made a one man band called MAKEOUT & replaced KISS",
    "Scott Bakula made a turnip bleed to death",
    "Scott Bakula made a volcano for a science fair, after he won he threw it into the Pacific & made Hawaii",
    "Scott Bakula made his TV have blueray by looking at it",
    "Scott Bakula made hungry jacks full",
    "Scott Bakula made me write this",
    "Scott Bakula made stevie wonder flinch",
    "Scott Bakula made the Beatles cross Abbey Road",
    "Scott Bakula made the Grand Canyon as a grave for all his victims",
    "Scott Bakula made the Kessel Run in 10 parsecs",
    "Scott Bakula made the Monopoly man go to jail. He is still there",
    "Scott Bakula made the Statue of Liberty strip naked",
    "Scott Bakula made the big bang just by clicking his fingers",
    "Scott Bakula made the dinosaurs extinct",
    "Scott Bakula made the impossible quiz possible",
    "Scott Bakula made the llama extinct. Never spit in his face",
    "Scott Bakula made the universe... out of his snot & left kidney",
    "Scott Bakula made time wait",
    "Scott Bakula made up the first Scott Bakula fact :)",
    "Scott Bakula made use this shirt",
    "Scott Bakula made wearing gold plated diapers fashionable",
    "Scott Bakula maintains a youthful appearance because time is afraid to age him",
    "Scott Bakula make Red Bull fly",
    "Scott Bakula makes Creepypasta look like My Little Pony",
    "Scott Bakula makes HDTV look clearer",
    "Scott Bakula makes Santa sit in his lap",
    "Scott Bakula makes Terminator look like Wall-E.",
    "Scott Bakula makes The Most Interesting Man In The World seem, somehow, less interesting",
    "Scott Bakula makes UFC look easy",
    "Scott Bakula makes WNBA interesting",
    "Scott Bakula makes Weebles fall down",
    "Scott Bakula makes being ginger cool",
    "Scott Bakula makes blood bleed",
    "Scott Bakula makes bounty hunters turn themselves in",
    "Scott Bakula makes carrots see in the dark",
    "Scott Bakula makes everything magically delicious",
    "Scott Bakula makes his own Girl Scout cookies using real Girl Scouts",
    "Scott Bakula makes his victims dig their own graves, so his job is less labor intensive",
    "Scott Bakula makes minute rice in 30 seconds",
    "Scott Bakula makes mission impossible....possible",
    "Scott Bakula makes onions cry",
    "Scott Bakula makes peanut butter choke up",
    "Scott Bakula makes snow out of lava",
    "Scott Bakula makes the A Team look like the B Team",
    "Scott Bakula makes the Green Bay Packers unpack",
    "Scott Bakula makes the phone Droid seem organic",
    "Scott Bakula managed to score 180 with one dart",
    "Scott Bakula mathematically proved that the bird is the word",
    "Scott Bakula may not be the most beautiful man, but you certainly wouldn't have the guts to tell him this....... literally",
    "Scott Bakula means never having to say you're sorry",
    "Scott Bakula means never having to say you're sorry",
    "Scott Bakula memorized all of Shakespeare's sonnets while eating a bowlful of rusty fishhooks",
    "Scott Bakula met Osama Bin Laden",
    "Scott Bakula met an exclamation point & punched it in the face. We now have questions",
    "Scott Bakula met the most interesting man in the world.... every morning when he looks in the mirror",
    "Scott Bakula moved to Clevelend, which forced LeBron James to go with the Miami Heat",
    "Scott Bakula moves in pictures",
    "Scott Bakula multiplied by zero still equals Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula must like you.  If he didn't, you'd already be dead",
    "Scott Bakula name spelled backwards is Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula named himself",
    "Scott Bakula named his parents",
    "Scott Bakula needs a concealed weapons permit to put on gloves",
    "Scott Bakula needs no further explanation",
    "Scott Bakula needs no water, air or food. He just likes to hold them prisoner in his body",
    "Scott Bakula neither melts in your mouth nor in your hand. He shreds your trachea before ravaging your soul with a combination of chocolate, whickey & death",
    "Scott Bakula never plays nice",
    "Scott Bakula never actually moves. He merely rotates the earth with his feet",
    "Scott Bakula never actually retired from fighting. He just ran out of asses to kick",
    "Scott Bakula never actually Quantum Leaps anyone, the world just spins underneath him when he lifts his legs",
    "Scott Bakula never applies for patents, companies know to pay royalties",
    "Scott Bakula never bathes. Dirt is too afraid to cling to him",
    "Scott Bakula never breaks the law. He obliterates it",
    "Scott Bakula never cries of laughter, laughter cries of Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula never dials 911 in Texas...Scott Bakula is 911 in Texas!",
    "Scott Bakula never dies unless you  call the  U.S army & the F.B.I.  They will call the swat team & they will kill him",
    "Scott Bakula never eats fast food. The food stops to let him eat",
    "Scott Bakula never gets hurt badly. The people who try to hurt him run from him screaming like little girls, when he is in the same room with them",
    "Scott Bakula never gets thunderstruck, thunder gets Scott Bakulastruck",
    "Scott Bakula never gives up- he takes up",
    "Scott Bakula never goes to the dentist because his teeth are unbreakable. His enemies never go to the dentist because they have no teeth",
    "Scott Bakula never got Rickrolled",
    "Scott Bakula never had a black belt, it was always red thanks to the blood from his opponents",
    "Scott Bakula never had a heart attak. Heart is not that stupid to attak him",
    "Scott Bakula never had baby teeth",
    "Scott Bakula never has a deja vu. No scene would be that stupid to appear in front of the man twice",
    "Scott Bakula never has a failure to communicate",
    "Scott Bakula never has to catch his breath. His breath has to catch him",
    "Scott Bakula never has to wash his clothes. The clothes was themselves out of sheer terror!",
    "Scott Bakula never has to wax his skis because they're always slick with blood",
    "Scott Bakula never kills...with one Quantum Leap his opponent simply ceases to exist",
    "Scott Bakula never laughed in the face of death...he finds nothing amusing about his own reflection",
    "Scott Bakula never learns. He already knows!",
    "Scott Bakula never lies, his words become the truth",
    "Scott Bakula never lies, unless he says he does",
    "Scott Bakula never loses at dodgeball because the ball wants to dodge Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula never loses weight. He knows exactly where it is",
    "Scott Bakula never loses when he rolls the dice. He tell the dice which number to be",
    "Scott Bakula never met a man he didn't like...who then continued living",
    "Scott Bakula never misses he is just attacking the man behind you, no matter how far away he is",
    "Scott Bakula never needed the printing press. He just smoothly layed one written piece of paper on another blank one to copy it",
    "Scott Bakula never pays for anything, he is just letting the economy borrow his money at a 0% interest rate",
    "Scott Bakula never plays Halo. Why? Everyone kills themselves before he even turns the power on",
    "Scott Bakula never puts money into slot machines he just pulls the handle & wins the jackpot instantly",
    "Scott Bakula never reads the News – because Scott Bakula IS the News",
    "Scott Bakula never retreats, he just attacks in the opposite direction",
    "Scott Bakula never says It tastes like chicken, not even chicken",
    "Scott Bakula never says hello,  he only says goodbye",
    "Scott Bakula never sees a glass as half empty or half full it's always full",
    "Scott Bakula never sleeps, he awakes",
    "Scott Bakula never starts at square one, in fact, he doesn't start at square anything, Scott Bakula prefers circles",
    "Scott Bakula never sweats. He just allows the water to leave his body as a natural cologne",
    "Scott Bakula never takes pain killers because he`s the only one who can kill pain",
    "Scott Bakula never takes wooden nickels",
    "Scott Bakula never uses instruments. People dance to his breath",
    "Scott Bakula never uses lighters & matches. He just clicks his fingers for the flame",
    "Scott Bakula never wears steel toe boots, they make his Quantum Leaps softer",
    "Scott Bakula never went to the center of the Universe. He is the center of the Universe",
    "Scott Bakula never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear",
    "Scott Bakula not only Dances with Wolves! He buys them dinner first!",
    "Scott Bakula not only kicks ass & takes names, he kills people & collects their souls",
    "Scott Bakula not only knows how David Blaine floats, he taught him how to do it",
    "Scott Bakula not only speaks in the third person, he SEES in the third person",
    "Scott Bakula notorizes his own documents",
    "Scott Bakula now sells his pubic hair.  It is known as Kevlar",
    "Scott Bakula occasionally plays hackysack with small boulders, like Mount Rushmore",
    "Scott Bakula offered to execute death row prisoners in Texas. The state chose electrocution instead as they felt it more humane to the condemned",
    "Scott Bakula on a pogo stick presents a danger to low flying aircraft",
    "Scott Bakula once adopted a dog. the next day underdog was born",
    "Scott Bakula once allowed a film crew to follow him around one weekend. The footage is now known as missing in action films",
    "Scott Bakula once allowed himself to be bitten by a werewolf.  He actually finds full-moons quite soothing",
    "Scott Bakula once appeared on Cartoon Network. CN is now known as Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula once argued against his wife...........& won!",
    "Scott Bakula once arranged his mandM's in alphabetical order",
    "Scott Bakula once ate a banana by looking at it",
    "Scott Bakula once ate a bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink",
    "Scott Bakula once ate a sardine can full of killer whales",
    "Scott Bakula once ate a school bus & excreted a Formula 1 car.....complete with driver",
    "Scott Bakula once ate a whole bottle of sleeping pills. He blinked",
    "Scott Bakula once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink",
    "Scott Bakula once auditioned for American Idol ..... Simon Cowell & Paula Abdul never came back!!!",
    "Scott Bakula once beat Brock Lesnar & &erson Silva hand to hand, & they had M-16s",
    "Scott Bakula once beat Tony Hawk in a skateboard duel using a Teck Deck",
    "Scott Bakula once beat a wall at tenis",
    "Scott Bakula once beat the Mona Lisa in a staring contest",
    "Scott Bakula once bench-pressed the entire state of Ohio, & all of its residents",
    "Scott Bakula once bet NASA that he could survive re-entry without a space suit. They still owe him a beer",
    "Scott Bakula once bet on the wrong horse... & WON!",
    "Scott Bakula once blew his nose into a piece of paper. Today those papers are known as 100 dollar bills",
    "Scott Bakula once blew out the sun causing all dinosaurs to die,  then he reignited it by screaming at it",
    "Scott Bakula once bought Chicago pizza in Seattle",
    "Scott Bakula once bought a Ferrari. He sold it only after an hour, because the Ferrari is slower than his crawl",
    "Scott Bakula once bought a bird bath at walmart.  Today explorers have listed it as the fountain of youth",
    "Scott Bakula once bowled a 300... without a ball... he wasn't even in a bowling ally",
    "Scott Bakula once bowled a perfect game.....with a golf ball",
    "Scott Bakula once broke a girl's heart.... literally",
    "Scott Bakula once broke both his legs in a car accident & was still able to walk it off",
    "Scott Bakula once broke the sound barrier. In half",
    "Scott Bakula once brought a lamb back to life. He then killed it to show that the good Scott Bakula giveth & the good Scott Bakula taketh away",
    "Scott Bakula once built a house from the sky down",
    "Scott Bakula once built a robot with perfect human emotions. Fearing the possibility of not meeting Scott Bakula's standards it promptly disassembled itself",
    "Scott Bakula once built a sandcastle. We call this the Great Pyramid of Giza",
    "Scott Bakula once built himself a bed out of Titanium & Diamonds. It was too soft",
    "Scott Bakula once cannon balled into a pool, the result of this was the Grand Canyon",
    "Scott Bakula once caught a cold... with a stick & a box",
    "Scott Bakula once caught a fish with his mouth",
    "Scott Bakula once caught a train... with his bare hands",
    "Scott Bakula once caught the Ark of the Covenant to keep it from falling.  The Ark has been killing people ever since",
    "Scott Bakula once challenged his own reflection to a staring contest. He won after 5 days",
    "Scott Bakula once chopped a man in half...with his own hand",
    "Scott Bakula once climbed the empire state building & Quantum Leaped the human spider off the top",
    "Scott Bakula once cought the red laser dot",
    "Scott Bakula once counted all the escalator steps",
    "Scott Bakula once created a cereal. Scott Bakula O's. It was discontinued for two reasons: 1. You grew a #bodypart# & a set of testicals. 2.Instant Death",
    "Scott Bakula once created a flamethrower by urinating into a lighter",
    "Scott Bakula once created a micro version of himself. Scott Bakula considered it too soft so he gave it to Bill Gates",
    "Scott Bakula once created a smooth flat frictionless surface out of glue, pointed rocks, tar, metal filings & human bones.......",
    "Scott Bakula once created a time machine & had to fight himself. We call it The Big Bang",
    "Scott Bakula once created an iPhone out of nothing but a pen, a gameboy color, 1 christmas light bulb, & his own fingernail",
    "Scott Bakula once cried during a romantic comedy. . . I'm just kiddin', man that would be weird",
    "Scott Bakula once cried just to see what it was like. The end result was the creation of life",
    "Scott Bakula once cut a knife with a stick of butter",
    "Scott Bakula once cut himself in the kitchen, & the onions cried",
    "Scott Bakula once cut through a knife with a stick of butter",
    "Scott Bakula once defeated 100,000 Spetsnaz with a nun.  NunScott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula once did a hang5 down a round rail, down a 20 set... & barred out",
    "Scott Bakula once did meditation, while swimming in a volcano",
    "Scott Bakula once did steroids, & the pills got stronger",
    "Scott Bakula once donated his heart, lungs, liver, spleen, brain & kidneys to medical research......& survived!",
    "Scott Bakula once drank wine from a chalice. This chalice is now known as the holy grail",
    "Scott Bakula once drowned a fish underwater",
    "Scott Bakula once drowned a guy, in the Sahara desert",
    "Scott Bakula once dug a hole with a spoon. It's now known as the Grand Canyon",
    "Scott Bakula once encountered the men in black & he still remembers it",
    "Scott Bakula once entered a black hole just to see what was in it. Dissapointed, he then walked out",
    "Scott Bakula once fell & missed the ground",
    "Scott Bakula once fell off a ladder, it immediately became a chair & caught him out of fear",
    "Scott Bakula once fell while climbing in California. It is now known as the San &reas Fault",
    "Scott Bakula once filled in for Santa Claus on Christmas. This was an horrible mistake, as Scott Bakula can deliver only two things: justice & pain",
    "Scott Bakula once fired a gun at the sun & created sun spots",
    "Scott Bakula once flew into a black hole, took some pictures, then flew back out",
    "Scott Bakula once forgot his homwork. So he said to his teacher, I'm Sorry, then the teacher said, But..., then there was no homework ever again",
    "Scott Bakula once forgot to pay his mortgage. That incident is now known as being the main cause behind the financial crisis",
    "Scott Bakula once fornicated with a farm tractor. The primeordial ooze that seeped from the block created the being we know today as Optimus Prime",
    "Scott Bakula once fought Batman in a bet. The loser got nightshift",
    "Scott Bakula once gave a box of his old watches to a band of kids. Those kids are known today as The Power Rangers",
    "Scott Bakula once gave a box of old watches to some kids. THEY ARE NOW KNOWN AS THE POWER RANGERS",
    "Scott Bakula once gave a cop a ticket for speeding",
    "Scott Bakula once gave a fire hydrant a ticket for being next to his parked car",
    "Scott Bakula once gave a man an apple.Today that man is known as Steve Jobs",
    "Scott Bakula once gave away some watches. Later on the people he gave them to were known as the Mighty Morphing Power Rangers",
    "Scott Bakula once gave blood, it was put in cans & labelled 'Red Bull'",
    "Scott Bakula once gave mouth to mouth to a flea",
    "Scott Bakula once gave someone a bone marrow transplant, Wolverine says he's gratefull",
    "Scott Bakula once got a 200 yard punt return",
    "Scott Bakula once got a gold medal in ice skating during the 2012 Olympics",
    "Scott Bakula once got a hole in 1 at Augusta National. After he Tee'd off on the first hole at Pebble Beach",
    "Scott Bakula once got careless & accidentally locked his drawer key inside his drawer, with a lock that needs the key to lock",
    "Scott Bakula once got food poisoning, it immediately disintegrated",
    "Scott Bakula once got hit by a combat knife, this knife is now known as the butter knife",
    "Scott Bakula once got into a fight with a one-armed Ninja. Seeing that he had an unfair advantage, Scott Bakula ripped both of his arms off …",
    "Scott Bakula once got into a staring contest with his bathroom mirror. The mirror backed down after only three days",
    "Scott Bakula once got into a staring contest with his own reflection. On the fourth day he won",
    "Scott Bakula once got stabbed by a sword. The sword bled",
    "Scott Bakula once had a bet with Bruce Wayne, the loser had to dress up as a bat",
    "Scott Bakula once had a bet with the Hulk, the loser had to paint himself green",
    "Scott Bakula once had a cold. shortly after he decided to end the last ice age",
    "Scott Bakula once had a dog, later on, he found that the dog had broken a vase, so he Quantum Leaped the dog, that dog is now called a bulldog",
    "Scott Bakula once had a dream, the result was Inception... Only Scott Bakula never sleeps",
    "Scott Bakula once had a dud bullet; the result was the same for the person on the other end",
    "Scott Bakula once had a facebook, it was deleted after somebody poked him",
    "Scott Bakula once had a heart attack. His heart lost",
    "Scott Bakula once had a kid, he grew up to be The Thing",
    "Scott Bakula once had a pet monkey........his name was KING KONG",
    "Scott Bakula once had a sandbox...........it is known today as Egypt!",
    "Scott Bakula once had a staring contest with a painting...& won",
    "Scott Bakula once had a street named after him. But the name removed at once, because nobody crosses Scott Bakula, & lives",
    "Scott Bakula once had a weak moment, just to know what it felt like",
    "Scott Bakula once had an overbite. Instead of going to an orthodontist, he corrected it by Quantum Leaping  himself in the mouth",
    "Scott Bakula once had his own toilet paper brand.  It was taken off the market because it wouldn't take crap from anybody",
    "Scott Bakula once had nothing to Quantum Leap. He  then made the universe so that there would never be a problem again",
    "Scott Bakula once had to go to court.....the judge got life in prison",
    "Scott Bakula once had to perform brain surgery. He let his #bodypart# do it",
    "Scott Bakula once had to wait in line at McDonalds. It made him so angry that he created all of the craters on the moon",
    "Scott Bakula once hailed a cab in the middle of the Pacific ocean",
    "Scott Bakula once haunted this baby & it still screams today. That person is Justin Bieber",
    "Scott Bakula once hit a 475-foot home run into the upper deck at Yankee Stadium.  He was bunting",
    "Scott Bakula once hit a homerun & caught it",
    "Scott Bakula once hung a door... It died",
    "Scott Bakula once infected a virus",
    "Scott Bakula once invited all of the other badasses from TV to duke it out in order to see who was the supreme badass. Only two showed up: Jack Bauer & MacGyver",
    "Scott Bakula once jumped into a pit of lava on a bet. The lava burned to death",
    "Scott Bakula once kicked Hulk in the face, so Hulk ran into the woods. he is now known as Shrek",
    "Scott Bakula once kicked a can of Pepsi so hard that it turned into Mountain Dew",
    "Scott Bakula once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes",
    "Scott Bakula once kicked a pig, now its called a foot ball",
    "Scott Bakula once kicked a snake in the knee",
    "Scott Bakula once kicked the Earth, it hasn't stopped spinning",
    "Scott Bakula once kicked the WWF so hard it was put into witness protection under the name WWE",
    "Scott Bakula once killed 100 people in just 2 shots, the 1st was a warning shot",
    "Scott Bakula once killed 20 men just by saying bang",
    "Scott Bakula once killed 30 guys with a pistol carrying 9 bullets",
    "Scott Bakula once killed a bird by throwing it off a cliff",
    "Scott Bakula once killed a man 3 hours before the fight broke out",
    "Scott Bakula once killed a man by making a fist",
    "Scott Bakula once killed an entire army with an empty pistol",
    "Scott Bakula once lapped his opponent...in a drag race",
    "Scott Bakula once lapped somebody in a drag race",
    "Scott Bakula once leaned on the Tower of Pisa...",
    "Scott Bakula once looked at an IED, & the trigger man blew up",
    "Scott Bakula once made a computer out of a pizza box",
    "Scott Bakula once made a crippled man run away",
    "Scott Bakula once made a grown man cry......twice",
    "Scott Bakula once made a guy bleed to death using only a rubber duck",
    "Scott Bakula once made a joke. Ten people died laughing",
    "Scott Bakula once made a journal, it is now known as the 'Guinness Book of World Records'",
    "Scott Bakula once made a lame man run for his life",
    "Scott Bakula once made a racist remark to a black man & got mad respect!",
    "Scott Bakula once made a snowman...out of rain",
    "Scott Bakula once made a statue flinch",
    "Scott Bakula once made a tiger cry",
    "Scott Bakula once made an omelette from a Fabergé egg",
    "Scott Bakula once made the sandman pee his pants...in his sleep",
    "Scott Bakula once missed his flight, he stared at the airplane & actually blew up the airport along with the airplane in rage",
    "Scott Bakula once needed a blood transfusion but they were all out of Kevlar",
    "Scott Bakula once needed a truck to carry his victims in. This truck is now known as Grave Digger",
    "Scott Bakula once one a six & a half month staring contest, with a statue",
    "Scott Bakula once owed a gun, the gun got so scared it shot itself",
    "Scott Bakula once owned a dog, today it's well known as the Jersey Devil",
    "Scott Bakula once owned a dog, we call that dog Clifford",
    "Scott Bakula once painted a self portrait of Winston Churchhill",
    "Scott Bakula once passed a kidney stone. It was later used in the Miley Cyrus video, Wrecking Ball",
    "Scott Bakula once passed a kidney stone. The scientists called the new element Kryptonite",
    "Scott Bakula once pitched a no-hiter with his pinkie toe. Yeah he's that damn good!",
    "Scott Bakula once placed a brick in China it is now called the great wall of China",
    "Scott Bakula once planned to put his face on Mt. Rushmore, unfortunatly, the rock wasn't hard enough for his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula once planted a box of Cheerios in his yard, the result was a donut tree",
    "Scott Bakula once planted a seed in his back yard...we now know that seed as the green giant",
    "Scott Bakula once played the maze game & got to level 4",
    "Scott Bakula once played Duck Duck Goose with a group of Kindergarteners. Only one kid made it to first grade",
    "Scott Bakula once played Jenga.the resault was the empire state building",
    "Scott Bakula once played Minecraft, until he beat it",
    "Scott Bakula once played Russian Roulette with a muzzleloader & won",
    "Scott Bakula once played The Price Is Right.  The prices attempted to guess the numbers Scott Bakula was thinking of",
    "Scott Bakula once played Uncharted.... on a Commodore 64",
    "Scott Bakula once played a piano, before it was invented",
    "Scott Bakula once played chicken with a wall.....thus the first door was born",
    "Scott Bakula once played ping pong against himself for 11 hours straight.  He quit because the paddle died",
    "Scott Bakula once played the guitar. The guitar then quit, threw a fit & ran crying to a violin",
    "Scott Bakula once played with Legos. The Ancient Egyptians still thank him for it",
    "Scott Bakula once practiced Quantum Leaps for an entire day...the area where he practiced is now called Tornado Alley",
    "Scott Bakula once proved p^~p by induction on his #bodypart# hairs",
    "Scott Bakula once puched Bill & Ted Lemon. now they are mismatched. Happy Birthday Teddy",
    "Scott Bakula once punched a man in the chest, u might now know him as IRON MAN",
    "Scott Bakula once punched a man in the soul",
    "Scott Bakula once punched into the earth, that is now known as The Mariana Trench",
    "Scott Bakula once punched the ground to stop an earthquake. The resulting aftershock caused the BP oil spill",
    "Scott Bakula once purchased a Cabbage Patch kid, its now known as Scott Bakulay",
    "Scott Bakula once put out a forest fire with a snowflake",
    "Scott Bakula once put out a music album with out lyrics or a beat & it went platnium",
    "Scott Bakula once raced & won the LeMans 24-hour in 2 minutes & 14 seconds, driving a go-kart made of Coors Light boxes & a toothbrush motor",
    "Scott Bakula once raced light.  He is still waiting for it to catch up",
    "Scott Bakula once raised 2 bald eagle chicks to maturity.. in the warmth of his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula once ran a low fever. This is commonly known as Global Warming",
    "Scott Bakula once ran a marathon backwards just to see what second place looked like",
    "Scott Bakula once ripped the soul out of a Decepticon",
    "Scott Bakula once rolled a dice. It landed on tails",
    "Scott Bakula once roudhoused kicked Hulk in the face. Now he hides in the forest & changed his name to Shrek",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a bear while on a survival trek in Siberia. That incident was known as the Tunguska event.,",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a fat kid in the stomach & his foot print stayed their until the kid lost the weight",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a spotted horse in the face.  It lived, miraculously, & it's decendants are now known as the Giraffe",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped Bruce Banner. when the Hulk came out he smashed everything in sight but Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped Hailey's Comet, it returns every 76 years to see if he is still alive, it then leaves in fear",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a cereal box & created Rice Krispies... SNAP, CRACKLE & POP",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a guy in the face people know him as Michael Berryman",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a guy, today he is known as the first man to lay foot on the moon",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a man into next week...in fact, I believe he's due back tomorrow",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a man so hard it broke the space/time continuum & killed the dinosaurs",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a red-neck, he is now a no-neck",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a revolving door. It created a vortex that sucked in & destroyed everything within 50 miles. Except Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a salesperson.................OVER THE PHONE!!!!!!!",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a ship, now that ship is called the Flying Dutchman",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a tadpole & turned it into a frog, then he kicked it again & it died",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a tree. Linkin Logs were created",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped all the spots of a dalmatian",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped an encyclopedia.We now know it as Google",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped someone in their dreams. They died that night",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped someone so hard that his foot broke the speed of light, went back in time, & killed Amelia Earhart while she was flying over the Pacific Ocean",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped the Earth & every mountain range immediately sprang up",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped the football & it scored twice!!",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped the turbines of Hoover Dam. Since then, the Colorado River is a tourist attraction",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a ten dollar bill into 200 nickels",
    "Scott Bakula once rounhouse kicked a football ...... it is now considered as a planet",
    "Scott Bakula once said Oh, Snap. Thus, North & South America",
    "Scott Bakula once sang the aria Madama Butterfly from Madam Butterfly, which was so beautiful it made John Wayne cry",
    "Scott Bakula once saw Spiderman on a wall, took his newspaper out & swatted him",
    "Scott Bakula once scared a bull into calming down",
    "Scott Bakula once scared the fur off an ewok. We now know that Ewok as Snookie",
    "Scott Bakula once scored a field goal, using a hockey stick!",
    "Scott Bakula once scored two goals in a hockey game. It was considered a hat-trick",
    "Scott Bakula once seized & ransomed 5 letters of the Russian alphabet. The letters spelled surrender",
    "Scott Bakula once separated his powers into five people, they are now called The Avengers",
    "Scott Bakula once set a lake on fire",
    "Scott Bakula once shat blood - the blood of 11,940 natives he had killed & eaten",
    "Scott Bakula once shook a magic 8 ball. Its prediction? Pain",
    "Scott Bakula once shook a pirates hand. That pirate is now known as Captain Hook",
    "Scott Bakula once shot a bullet with his head",
    "Scott Bakula once shot down a German fighter plane by just yelling BANG!!!",
    "Scott Bakula once shot down a German fighter plane with his finger, by yelling, Bang!",
    "Scott Bakula once shot down a Nazi Zepplin by pointing his finger at it & saying bang",
    "Scott Bakula once shot down a fighter jet by pointing at it & saying Bang",
    "Scott Bakula once shot down a fighter jet by pointing his finger at it & saying bang!",
    "Scott Bakula once shot down a plane by pointing at it & saying boom",
    "Scott Bakula once shot everyone in Reno just to watch them die...... from Canada.... without a gun",
    "Scott Bakula once signed autographs. The line was dubbed Death Row",
    "Scott Bakula once skewered a man with the Eiffel tower",
    "Scott Bakula once skydived..........from the ground into a passing plane",
    "Scott Bakula once slapped Bruce Banner.He was too scared to get mad",
    "Scott Bakula once slapped a criminal ten blocks away, giving birth to the saying long arm of the law",
    "Scott Bakula once slapped a headless man",
    "Scott Bakula once slit his wrists & the knife died",
    "Scott Bakula once sneezed the result was the grand canyon",
    "Scott Bakula once spent a month in El Paso one night",
    "Scott Bakula once spent the night in Lincoln's bedroom.....Lincoln slept on the couch",
    "Scott Bakula once spilt his drink, on holiday in Haiti",
    "Scott Bakula once spit on the borders of his beloved Texas. The spit is now known as the Gulf of Mexico",
    "Scott Bakula once squeezed an mandM so hard that it turned into a Skittle",
    "Scott Bakula once staightened a Slinky into a 1250 foot hat pin",
    "Scott Bakula once stapled water to a tree",
    "Scott Bakula once stared at Medusa. She promptly turned to stone",
    "Scott Bakula once stared death in the eyes. Four years later, it blinked & Scott Bakula won invincibility",
    "Scott Bakula once stared death in the face..Death pissed his pants",
    "Scott Bakula once starred in Wheel of Fortune. The last twenty nine minutes were spent in an awkward silence, waiting for the wheel to stop spinning",
    "Scott Bakula once stayed at the Hotel California & was allowed to check out...& leave",
    "Scott Bakula once stung a Jellyfish to death",
    "Scott Bakula once succeeded in the cinnamon challenge. He then moved up & completed the same challenge with garlic powder",
    "Scott Bakula once sued Burger King after they refused to put razor wire in his Whopper Jr, insisting that that actually is his way",
    "Scott Bakula once sued the Houghton-Mifflin textbook company when it became apparent that their account of the war of 1812 was plagiarized from his autobiography",
    "Scott Bakula once taught a French Bulldog to be English",
    "Scott Bakula once taught a book to read",
    "Scott Bakula once taught a class of martial arts.Unfortunately Scott Bakula had forgiven to take elephant tranquilizers & killed every one just by saluting",
    "Scott Bakula once taught a woman from church his martial arts skills.  That woman is now known as Amazing Grace",
    "Scott Bakula once taught an old dog a new trick. Then he changed a leopard's spots",
    "Scott Bakula once threw a ball at the ground & missed.............oh wait, that was Justin Bieber",
    "Scott Bakula once threw a game winning touchdown, & caught too",
    "Scott Bakula once threw a grenade, it killed 50 people. THEN it blew up",
    "Scott Bakula once threw a hand grenade & killed 50 people.......then it exploded",
    "Scott Bakula once threw a pebble, We now call it......Hayley's Comet",
    "Scott Bakula once threw a perfect game before stepping out onto the mound",
    "Scott Bakula once toboggoned down Mount Everest & then sprinted back up cuz he realized he lost his mitten",
    "Scott Bakula once told Albert Einstein that the universe was too small for him",
    "Scott Bakula once told Hillary Clinton to shut up. She did",
    "Scott Bakula once told Martin Luther King about a dream he had",
    "Scott Bakula once told someone to go fly a kite...the next day electricity was discovered",
    "Scott Bakula once took a CPR class, this way he can kill you, revive you, & kill you again",
    "Scott Bakula once took a bath in Antarctica, which made him responsible for the melting of Arctic Ice & GLOBAL WARMING",
    "Scott Bakula once took a breathalizer test..... He blew an F4 tornado!",
    "Scott Bakula once took a stress test, the treadmill had a heart attack",
    "Scott Bakula once took a walking tour of a coal mine, now it is a diamond mine",
    "Scott Bakula once took care of four baby turtles. They later became known as the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles",
    "Scott Bakula once tortured pain",
    "Scott Bakula once touch a kitten, now its a tiger",
    "Scott Bakula once tried to join the military. However, there are rules against weapons of mass destruction",
    "Scott Bakula once tried to milk a cow, instead he got steak",
    "Scott Bakula once tripped & fell up",
    "Scott Bakula once tripped over the Rocky Mountains & fell west... we now call it the Grand Canyon!",
    "Scott Bakula once turned on the light, the rest is history",
    "Scott Bakula once uppercut a horse...that horse is now known as the giraffe",
    "Scott Bakula once used part of his #bodypart# to keep a Lion warm, that is how lions got their manes",
    "Scott Bakula once vacationed in Atlantis & didn't have a good time.  The lost continent has yet to be found",
    "Scott Bakula once visited a psychic...to warn her",
    "Scott Bakula once visited the Bermuda Triangle.  No one has heard from the Triangle since",
    "Scott Bakula once walked down a street with his fists in his pockets. He was then arrested for concealing two deadly weapons",
    "Scott Bakula once walked through the Sahara forest with an axe",
    "Scott Bakula once watched Chris Angel levitate. He then laughed & flew away",
    "Scott Bakula once watched a Steven Seagal movie. he was forced to kill everyone in his area, for he had just shed his first tear- of boredom",
    "Scott Bakula once watched an appisode of SEINFELD on the radio",
    "Scott Bakula once went Mach 17 on a 12 speed with no back tire",
    "Scott Bakula once went boxing, he wiped ass so badly they had to replace  boxers with actors",
    "Scott Bakula once went in to a tornado to dry his #bodypart#. It was still wet when he came out",
    "Scott Bakula once went into a burning buildng in nothing but flip flops & a hawaiian shirt on & saved a family of 5 & a dog",
    "Scott Bakula once went missing in Iraq. Therefore the military launched the search for weapons of mass destruction",
    "Scott Bakula once went on Man Tracker, they're still looking..",
    "Scott Bakula once went outside, looked into the sky & burped. Now we have solar wind",
    "Scott Bakula once went skydiving. He promised never to do it again. He said one Grand Canyon is enough",
    "Scott Bakula once went to Alkatraz but when he got there the island grew a land bridge because it was so scared!!",
    "Scott Bakula once went to Disneyland.  It is no longer known as The Happiest Place on Earth",
    "Scott Bakula once went to Mcdonalds & orderd a whopper. They made him one!",
    "Scott Bakula once went to Spain for the running of the bulls; instead of Scott Bakula running form the bulls, the bulls ran from Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula once went to a Chiropractor & straightened HIM out",
    "Scott Bakula once went to a overcrowded island, 3 seconds later, it was deserted",
    "Scott Bakula once went to court for a crime, the judge pleaded guilty",
    "Scott Bakula once won a Nascar race with a Hot Wheels toy car",
    "Scott Bakula once won a Poker tournament using only Pokemon cards",
    "Scott Bakula once won a Scrabble tournament despite getting only Z's & Q's in his rack",
    "Scott Bakula once won a billion dollars.... On Who Wants To Be A Millionaire",
    "Scott Bakula once won a blinking contest against a statue!",
    "Scott Bakula once won a boxing match-with a Quantum Leap. Officials were to scared to disqualify him. They knew the consequences",
    "Scott Bakula once won a drag race with a unicycle",
    "Scott Bakula once won a game of Blackjack with a score of 22",
    "Scott Bakula once won a game of Connect 4, with the move Knight to Bishop 3",
    "Scott Bakula once won a game of Space Invaders without shooting",
    "Scott Bakula once won a guitar battle against Jimi Hendrix with a pair of elastic bands",
    "Scott Bakula once won a staredown over a walkie talkie",
    "Scott Bakula once won a staring contest, against a painting",
    "Scott Bakula once won a tug a war against China",
    "Scott Bakula once won an underwater breathing contest with a fish",
    "Scott Bakula once won in arm wrestle with no arms",
    "Scott Bakula once won the Indy 500 using Fred Flintstone's car",
    "Scott Bakula once worked as a barber, though he didin't use sissors, He would just stared at peoples heads, daring their hair to grow",
    "Scott Bakula once wrote a Scott Bakula fact. He called it the law of motion. Whatever goes up gets Quantum Leaped in the ass",
    "Scott Bakula once wrote a book by peeing on snow",
    "Scott Bakula once wrote an autobiography about awesomeness",
    "Scott Bakula once yelled at the TV during a football game & caused the player to fumble",
    "Scott Bakula only allows you to live because you haven't met him yet",
    "Scott Bakula only bleeds YOUR blood!",
    "Scott Bakula only created Russians so he can use them to take over TGI Fridays",
    "Scott Bakula only drinks Scott Bakula Daniels",
    "Scott Bakula only drives transformers",
    "Scott Bakula only eats deadly animals",
    "Scott Bakula only eats jelly that is made out of jellyfish",
    "Scott Bakula only eats the poisonous parts of a blow fish",
    "Scott Bakula only form of lubricant is ....... Force!!!!",
    "Scott Bakula only has one hand on his watch. It's always pointing at Time to Kill",
    "Scott Bakula only has to tap a chocolate orange",
    "Scott Bakula only needs 30 seconds to do something in a New York minute.  He uses the other 30 seconds to start spreadin' the news",
    "Scott Bakula only needs one (1) pokeball to catch legendery pokemon",
    "Scott Bakula only needs one finger to break bricks",
    "Scott Bakula only skydived once, becuz the world only needs one Grand Canyon",
    "Scott Bakula only uses stunt doubles for crying scenes",
    "Scott Bakula only weakness, is weakness, of course!",
    "Scott Bakula operates a school to teach tigers how to move silently through the jungle at night",
    "Scott Bakula operates his own restaurant in Texas. Knuckle sandwiches are the only thing on the menu!",
    "Scott Bakula ordered a Big Mac at Burger King, & got one",
    "Scott Bakula ordered all these peoples here to post Scott Bakula Facts or he would Quantum Leap them ..",
    "Scott Bakula orders his coffee black & without water",
    "Scott Bakula orders his steaks rare. Then he stares at them until they reach his preferred level of doneness",
    "Scott Bakula originally appeared in the Street Fighter II video game, but was removed by Beta Testers because every button caused him to do a Quantum Leap. When asked bout this glitch, Scott Bakula replied, That's no glitch",
    "Scott Bakula originally wrote the first dictionary. The definition for each word is as follows - A swift Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula out stared a wooden dolly",
    "Scott Bakula out-negotiated William Shatner",
    "Scott Bakula outlived Bruce Lee",
    "Scott Bakula owned four IPads in 1986",
    "Scott Bakula owns a chain of fast-food restaurants throughout the southwest. They serve nothing but barbecue-flavored ice cream & Hot Pockets",
    "Scott Bakula owns a guard dog not to protect himself but to protect everyone else",
    "Scott Bakula owns a legal 78 card poker deck",
    "Scott Bakula owns a pet landshark",
    "Scott Bakula owns a yo-yo with no string, yet he can still spin it!",
    "Scott Bakula owns property on the Lost City of Atlantis",
    "Scott Bakula owns the biggest Littlest Pet Shop. Ever",
    "Scott Bakula owns the copyright to the alphabet",
    "Scott Bakula owns the factory that manufactures Cans of Whoop Ass",
    "Scott Bakula packs his own parachute…..before he lands",
    "Scott Bakula painted every painting in Hogwarts",
    "Scott Bakula paints little red wagons for a living with his victim's blood. But not the wheels. That's just wrong",
    "Scott Bakula paints the dark side of the moon every night",
    "Scott Bakula passed a class with an F",
    "Scott Bakula passed a kidney stone once. That stone is now known as The Death Star",
    "Scott Bakula pees Adamantium",
    "Scott Bakula pees in a can & sells it - what we know as Red Bull",
    "Scott Bakula permitted Yoda to teach the Force, only because it was no match for Scott Bakula!",
    "Scott Bakula personaly ordered that this fact is the first one in the TOP 50 FACTS section",
    "Scott Bakula photographed the world's first camera",
    "Scott Bakula photos are frequently used as laxatives because he is so tough he will scare the crap out of you!!",
    "Scott Bakula pitties Mr. T",
    "Scott Bakula placed his hand on a blind man's eyes. Healed, the man then stood up, gasped, & said Look! it's Scott Bakula!",
    "Scott Bakula plans to Quantum Leap himself in the face on December 21, 2012",
    "Scott Bakula played 18 holes of golf the other day. He scored a 17",
    "Scott Bakula played Farmville once, as a result an entire third-world nation ate for a month",
    "Scott Bakula played Modern Warfare II: & while playing, he said Guns are for sissies. I'd go on for the Melee Kills",
    "Scott Bakula played Rock Paper & Scissors in front of a mirror & won",
    "Scott Bakula played Runescape once, his name was Zezima",
    "Scott Bakula played Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun & won",
    "Scott Bakula played WW2 when he was 3 years old",
    "Scott Bakula played against Fc Barcelona. He did 1 Quantum Leap to the ball, & he won 10000000000000000000-0",
    "Scott Bakula played all his theme songs with only an Air Guitar!",
    "Scott Bakula played baseball once.  He went 4 for 3",
    "Scott Bakula played golf.  He tee'd off. The ball landed in the cup, bounced out, landed in the 2nd cup, then the 3rd... finally stopping in the 18th",
    "Scott Bakula played red rover once... 3 people were decapitated",
    "Scott Bakula played the Game, & Won",
    "Scott Bakula played the game of thrones & won",
    "Scott Bakula played who will blink first, with a mirror. & he won",
    "Scott Bakula plays Halo Reach on his Playstation 3",
    "Scott Bakula plays MW3, he got a multi kill with a care package",
    "Scott Bakula plays Russian Roulette with a full cylinder. He always goes first & always wins",
    "Scott Bakula plays TiddlyWinks with manhole covers",
    "Scott Bakula plays basketball with a wrecking-ball",
    "Scott Bakula plays catch with his feet",
    "Scott Bakula plays dodgeball with hand grenades",
    "Scott Bakula plays hackey-sack with bowling balls",
    "Scott Bakula plays hacky-sack...with a bowling ball",
    "Scott Bakula plays ping-pong with a bowling ball",
    "Scott Bakula plays soccer with a bowling ball",
    "Scott Bakula plays table tennis with grenades",
    "Scott Bakula plays the Mellophone",
    "Scott Bakula plays the game search & destroy daily",
    "Scott Bakula plays the piano with a guitar pick",
    "Scott Bakula plays the wii with no controller",
    "Scott Bakula plays xbox games on a ps3",
    "Scott Bakula plucked an apple that wasn't quite ready, so he put it back on the tree",
    "Scott Bakula pole-vaulted the St. Louis Arch with the Washington Monument",
    "Scott Bakula posted this comment, Don't get me mad",
    "Scott Bakula pounded a can into the ground...... & didn't crumple the can",
    "Scott Bakula pours the milk first, then he pours the cereal. Then he places the bowl",
    "Scott Bakula powers the Hadron Collider",
    "Scott Bakula prefers people he is fighting to wear red, that way their clothes don't look as bad from the blood stains",
    "Scott Bakula preys on eagles by coming from above & snatching it with his hands",
    "Scott Bakula promised, that if Mike Huckabee didn't win the Republican nomination in 2008, then no Republican would win. He made good on his word",
    "Scott Bakula protects a bulletproof vest",
    "Scott Bakula protects his airbag in an accident",
    "Scott Bakula proved that we are alone in the universe. We weren't before his first space expedition",
    "Scott Bakula pulls over cops",
    "Scott Bakula punched water... & left a dent",
    "Scott Bakula put Excalibur in the stone..",
    "Scott Bakula put The Rock’s Smack Down Hotel out of business",
    "Scott Bakula put corns in the Milky Way & eat them at his breakfast",
    "Scott Bakula put life out of its misery",
    "Scott Bakula put out a camp fire,using only the fire",
    "Scott Bakula put out a fire by staring at it later the building became a prison & everyone died there",
    "Scott Bakula put out a forest fire. using only gasoline",
    "Scott Bakula put out water with a couple gallons of fire",
    "Scott Bakula put the art in Martial",
    "Scott Bakula put the Scott Bakula in nunScott Bakulas",
    "Scott Bakula put the 'OW' in 'WOW",
    "Scott Bakula put the Muscle in muscle cars!",
    "Scott Bakula put the cat back in the bag",
    "Scott Bakula put the crack in the Liberty Bell",
    "Scott Bakula put the fork in the road when he Quantum Leaped it",
    "Scott Bakula put the lion in the wardrobe",
    "Scott Bakula put the sword in the stone",
    "Scott Bakula puts 'Baby' in a corner",
    "Scott Bakula puts Baby in the corner",
    "Scott Bakula puts all his eggs in one basket",
    "Scott Bakula puts all of his baskets in one egg",
    "Scott Bakula puts his pants on one leg at a time, just like the rest of us. The only difference is, then he kills people",
    "Scott Bakula puts his pants on two legs at a time",
    "Scott Bakula puts his pants on without both his feet leaving the ground",
    "Scott Bakula puts out fires, with gas",
    "Scott Bakula puts phone companies on hold",
    "Scott Bakula puts the fun in funearal",
    "Scott Bakula puts the 'Scott Bakula' in nunScott Bakulas",
    "Scott Bakula puts the FUN in funeral",
    "Scott Bakula puts the art in fart",
    "Scott Bakula puts the four seasons on his steak",
    "Scott Bakula puts the fun in funeral",
    "Scott Bakula puts the super in glue",
    "Scott Bakula qualified with a top speed of 324 mph at the Daytona 500, without a car",
    "Scott Bakula raised the Titanic......with his fishing rod",
    "Scott Bakula ran a marathon because it was on his way to work",
    "Scott Bakula ran a marathon with his seat belt still on",
    "Scott Bakula ran around the world twice & came back yesterday",
    "Scott Bakula ran faster than the speed of light & went back in time... to Quantum Leap Einstein in the face!",
    "Scott Bakula ran for president of the world & won...  It was assumed that anyone still alive voted for him",
    "Scott Bakula rang the freedom bell once. He cracked it",
    "Scott Bakula reads the newspaper in HD",
    "Scott Bakula reads tomorrows paper today",
    "Scott Bakula reads with his eyes closed",
    "Scott Bakula received an electric shock, the result was Tron",
    "Scott Bakula received the Nobel Peace Prize for being Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula recently discovered a vat of nuclear acid in Argentina. He goes there every morning so he can get his mouthwash",
    "Scott Bakula recently had the idea to sell his urine as a canned beverage. We know this beverage as Red Bull",
    "Scott Bakula recently played Tiger Woods in golf, he said he had a bad day he shot 19 in 18 holes",
    "Scott Bakula recently put his home up for sale because there was no more room for his enemy's graves on the property",
    "Scott Bakula recreats gravity in his own image. So he walks upside down on water",
    "Scott Bakula refused appearing in The Expendables, because everybody knows he is not expendable",
    "Scott Bakula registered his name as a deadly weapon",
    "Scott Bakula rejects your reality & substitutes it with his fist",
    "Scott Bakula relaxes in a lava bath",
    "Scott Bakula remembers the future",
    "Scott Bakula removes the tag from mattresses, & mails them back to the company",
    "Scott Bakula replaces his fillings with a shotgun",
    "Scott Bakula reportedly had coffee with Ted Nugent, but the paparazzi was afraid to take pictures",
    "Scott Bakula retired with a karate record of 183-10-2. 183 Wins, 10 Opponent Deaths from one Quantum Leap & 2 Opponents mysteriously missing",
    "Scott Bakula rides a Tyrannosaur when he goes shopping",
    "Scott Bakula rides shotgun with Stevie Wonder driving",
    "Scott Bakula rode a Mammoth...Yesterday",
    "Scott Bakula rolled a 20 on a 6 sided die",
    "Scott Bakula rolled a dice & scored a 7",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped Triple H in a fight. Triple H is now Double H",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped a Delorean while it was parked & sent it 50 years into the future",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leap is fast that he stopped the Flash",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped  a man so hard, turns out he was the only man in heaven to need a wheel chair",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped Atlantis to the bottom of the ocean",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped a lump of coal & it turned into a diamond",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped a photo to life",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped a pine tree & created 12 million toothpick",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the Gilligan's Island gang back to civilization",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the sheriff, as well as he did to the deputy. He also swore it wasn't in selfdefence",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the triceratops till it didn't exist. It wasn't on his list",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped this fact through his webcam",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped white light into what we know as the visible spectrum",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps don't really kill people. They wipe out their entire existence from the space-time continuum",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the tickets so hard they became diamonds",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped a golf ball. It became the only recorded hole in one on a par 5 in history",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped some wannabe cop named Agent Sasevel so hard that it rearranged the letters of his name to Steven Seagal",
    "Scott Bakula rubs two pieces of fire together to make wood",
    "Scott Bakula runs Bartertown",
    "Scott Bakula runs Mac OS on his Windows PC",
    "Scott Bakula runs Windows 7 on his Etch A Sketch",
    "Scott Bakula runs Windows Vista, & it has never crashed",
    "Scott Bakula runs on batteries. Specifically, Die Hards",
    "Scott Bakula runs out of lifetime supplies on a daily basis",
    "Scott Bakula runs out of the house during a lightning storm. When asked he said  I dare it to strike me",
    "Scott Bakula runs so fast, he ran around the world & punched himself at the back of his head",
    "Scott Bakula runs until the Treadmill gets tired",
    "Scott Bakula runs until the treadmill gets tired",
    "Scott Bakula runs windows 7... On his etch-a-sketch",
    "Scott Bakula said a papercut is a trees last revenge",
    "Scott Bakula said his favorite Scott Bakulaism is the one about Mount Rushmore & his #bodypart#! see nbc5.com",
    "Scott Bakula sailed the 7 seas without a ship",
    "Scott Bakula sang A capella with a full orchestra",
    "Scott Bakula sank the Titanic",
    "Scott Bakula sank the Titanic because it was ruining his view",
    "Scott Bakula sat on an iPhone. We now know it as the iPad",
    "Scott Bakula saved 15% on his car insurance in 3 minutes & 49 seconds",
    "Scott Bakula saved Ferris",
    "Scott Bakula saved Private Ryan befor Tom Hanks",
    "Scott Bakula saves...& only takes half damage",
    "Scott Bakula saw Predators.  He walked out laughing, halfway through it",
    "Scott Bakula saw an apron at JCPenney that said kiss the cook. He Quantum Leaped kicked it to see what might happen",
    "Scott Bakula saw the Invisible Man",
    "Scott Bakula saw the movie Sucker Punch ........It sucked so bad he decided to show them what a real punch was all about. THERE WERE NO SURVIVORS",
    "Scott Bakula sawThe Ring  video, then watched it again the week later",
    "Scott Bakula says that silver rhymes with orange.....& it does",
    "Scott Bakula says to rate this five stars or hell throw you five NINJA stars",
    "Scott Bakula scares the needle out of hay stacks",
    "Scott Bakula scored 100% in an exam once just by only writing his name on the answer sheet!!",
    "Scott Bakula scored 24 home runs in the cricket world cup",
    "Scott Bakula scores own goal & it counts for it's team",
    "Scott Bakula scratches his back with a circular saw",
    "Scott Bakula scuba dives in volcanoes",
    "Scott Bakula sees dark matter",
    "Scott Bakula sees dead people. You can guess why",
    "Scott Bakula sees dead people...& they run",
    "Scott Bakula sees only in hindsight",
    "Scott Bakula sells credit cards to Dave Ramsey",
    "Scott Bakula sells, but Scott Bakula can't be bought",
    "Scott Bakula sends a Poke to people who aren't his FaceBook friend",
    "Scott Bakula sends his #bodypart# clippings  to the police.  They are used as bullet proof vests",
    "Scott Bakula sends paper letters through email",
    "Scott Bakula sent a BBM to an iphone",
    "Scott Bakula sent me a text.  I now have a black eye & broken nose.  It simply said Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula sent the Crazy Train off the rails!",
    "Scott Bakula serial killed Dexter",
    "Scott Bakula set fire to the rain",
    "Scott Bakula set fire to the rain",
    "Scott Bakula set the land speed record ... while swimming the Pacific Ocean",
    "Scott Bakula shakes & bakes & you'll help",
    "Scott Bakula shakes the pillars of heaven just for the hell of it",
    "Scott Bakula shared a number with zero",
    "Scott Bakula shattered the previous sharpshooting record of 1.5 miles when he succeeded at throwing a bullet 2 miles & killing someone",
    "Scott Bakula shaves every 10 minutes",
    "Scott Bakula shaves every morning",
    "Scott Bakula shaves ice with his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula shaves with a John Deere Tractor",
    "Scott Bakula shaves with his nails, the only thing that can penetrate his #bodypart#… But the moustache stays",
    "Scott Bakula shoe size is 11 triple PAIN",
    "Scott Bakula shoots a bow & arrow.....one handed",
    "Scott Bakula shops at Sam's Club, but leaves without having his receipt checked",
    "Scott Bakula shot 17 on an 18 hole golf course",
    "Scott Bakula shot JR",
    "Scott Bakula shot a man to death with an unloaded nerf gun",
    "Scott Bakula shot a man with a knife",
    "Scott Bakula shot an arrow down with an apple",
    "Scott Bakula shot the man who shot the man just for snoring",
    "Scott Bakula shot the sheriff, but he Quantum Leaped the deputy",
    "Scott Bakula shot the sheriff... & he also shot the deputy",
    "Scott Bakula should be the 25 killstreak on Modern Warfare2!",
    "Scott Bakula shouted so loud at the largest number that it started running to infinity.But he ran behind so fast, he Quantum Leaped infinity.Twice",
    "Scott Bakula showers in a hurricane",
    "Scott Bakula showers with a sand blaster",
    "Scott Bakula showers with bleach & steel wool",
    "Scott Bakula signs all his contracts in blood, namely yours",
    "Scott Bakula signs his Holiday Cards Season's Beatings - Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula simply walks into Mordor",
    "Scott Bakula single-handedly created Stonehenge & the Pyramids.... In the same day. at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula sings the Alphabet song in any order",
    "Scott Bakula sits on the head of King Arthur's round table",
    "Scott Bakula sky dives without a parachute",
    "Scott Bakula slams a pot of coffee before he goes to bed",
    "Scott Bakula slapped Moe",
    "Scott Bakula slapped the Headless Horseman",
    "Scott Bakula sleeps in Seattle",
    "Scott Bakula sleeps in his jeans",
    "Scott Bakula sleeps on a bed of one nail",
    "Scott Bakula sleeps on razor blades",
    "Scott Bakula sleeps with a night light. Not because he's afraid of the dark but because the dark is afraid of Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula sleeps with a night light.. not because he's afraid of the dark, the darks afraid of Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula sleeps with a pillow under his gun",
    "Scott Bakula sleeps with his eyes open",
    "Scott Bakula slide the botton to the left to unlock the iPhone lockscreen",
    "Scott Bakula smokes Charlie Sheen to get high & still can't catch a buzz!",
    "Scott Bakula sneezed only once .& the universe was made!",
    "Scott Bakula snores, & the world trembles",
    "Scott Bakula snorts the coke outta cola!",
    "Scott Bakula soaks his contacts in Pepper Spray",
    "Scott Bakula solved Unsolved Mysteries",
    "Scott Bakula solved the Curious Case of Benjamen Button",
    "Scott Bakula solved the meaning of life on an Atari 2600",
    "Scott Bakula solves all his problems with extreme prejudice - except for killing people which is not a problem",
    "Scott Bakula spawn trapped a team in Black Ops on Search & Destroy",
    "Scott Bakula speaks english, french, spanish, italian & portuguese. At the same time in every sentence",
    "Scott Bakula speaks fluent Pootie Tang",
    "Scott Bakula speaks in surround sound",
    "Scott Bakula speaks the universal language of Painish",
    "Scott Bakula spelled backwards is Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula never goes backwards",
    "Scott Bakula spelled backwards is Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula spelled backwards is pain",
    "Scott Bakula spelt backwards is Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula spelt backwards is ‘Scott Bakula'",
    "Scott Bakula spend 30 seconds to count the stars everyday, after his lunch",
    "Scott Bakula splattered tiger blood & Adonis' dna on Charlie Sheen with 1 Quantum Leap!",
    "Scott Bakula spreads Jellyfish on his toast",
    "Scott Bakula spreads bread under his jam",
    "Scott Bakula sprinted 2 marathons - backwards",
    "Scott Bakula stared at a carton of Orange Juice because it said concentrate. The carton exploded 5 minutes later",
    "Scott Bakula stared at the ATM until it gave Scott Bakula the amount of money he wants",
    "Scott Bakula stared at the sun... the sun went blind",
    "Scott Bakula stared evil in the face, & it backed down",
    "Scott Bakula stared in to the mirror & said, there can only be one Scott Bakula. Then his reflection cried & walked away",
    "Scott Bakula starred in all of the Friday the 13th movies. He played the FEAR!",
    "Scott Bakula starred in the Expendables, he was the action",
    "Scott Bakula started Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula started forest fires & blew em out when he yawned",
    "Scott Bakula started his acting career wrestling alligators, until they all went on a hunger strike complaining about the unfair advantage",
    "Scott Bakula started out as a comedian - he killed",
    "Scott Bakula started the joke which started the whole world crying",
    "Scott Bakula stem cells can reproduce missing limbs",
    "Scott Bakula stings bees when they annoy him",
    "Scott Bakula stole Voldermort's nose!",
    "Scott Bakula stole common sense from liberal politicians",
    "Scott Bakula stole everything in my house, & replaced it with exact replicas.  At least I think he did",
    "Scott Bakula stoped the ice age with a single match",
    "Scott Bakula stopped the Grinch from stealing Christmas",
    "Scott Bakula struck out Alex Rodriguez on two pitches. With his hands behind his back",
    "Scott Bakula stuck the sword in the stone",
    "Scott Bakula stuffed evil back into pandora's Box",
    "Scott Bakula stuffs lockers into bullies!",
    "Scott Bakula succedes with every first attempt; therefore, he never 'tries' to do something. He just does it",
    "Scott Bakula sued Facebook for posting his newest victims list",
    "Scott Bakula supported his parents as an infant",
    "Scott Bakula supports Halloween 24-7",
    "Scott Bakula surfs the Internet subconsciously",
    "Scott Bakula survived a helicopter crash in the jungle unscathed, he uses his 360 degrees Quantum Leap to propel himself",
    "Scott Bakula survived all of the inescapable Saw traps while asleep",
    "Scott Bakula survived the Titanic sinking. The next day Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the iceberg until it sank too",
    "Scott Bakula sweats Old Spice",
    "Scott Bakula sweeps the floor using his eyelashes",
    "Scott Bakula swims in hot lava",
    "Scott Bakula swims in molten lava",
    "Scott Bakula swings a baseball bat made out of Batman",
    "Scott Bakula take s helicopter to work...by carrying it over his shoulder",
    "Scott Bakula takes nobody is perfect as a personal insult",
    "Scott Bakula takes a week long vacation every day",
    "Scott Bakula takes care of his guardian angel",
    "Scott Bakula takes real blood baths!",
    "Scott Bakula takes sleeping pills every morning & drinks coffee right before bed",
    "Scott Bakula talks about Fight Club",
    "Scott Bakula tangled with Wolverine. He beat to him to a bloody pulp, then dared him to heal himself. wolverine will not be in the next X-Men movie",
    "Scott Bakula tattooed the Invisible Man once",
    "Scott Bakula taught Captain Falcon how to punch. -Michael",
    "Scott Bakula taught James Bond how to pick up girls",
    "Scott Bakula taught Jimi Hendrix to play guitar",
    "Scott Bakula taught Moses Krav Maga",
    "Scott Bakula taught Napoleon Dynamite to dance",
    "Scott Bakula taught Sulley how to fly",
    "Scott Bakula taught Tom Brady & Eli Manning how to play football",
    "Scott Bakula taught Yoda what the force was",
    "Scott Bakula taught a cat to play fetch",
    "Scott Bakula taught a penguin how to fly",
    "Scott Bakula taught dragons how to breath fire",
    "Scott Bakula taught th creator of the piano how to play it",
    "Scott Bakula taught the Stig how to drive",
    "Scott Bakula teaches a car to drive",
    "Scott Bakula teaches math to solve its own problems",
    "Scott Bakula tells Siri where to go",
    "Scott Bakula tells Warren Buffet what to invest in",
    "Scott Bakula tells a GPS which way to go",
    "Scott Bakula tells clocks what time it is",
    "Scott Bakula tells his GPS when he wants to turn",
    "Scott Bakula tells the 900lb Gorilla where to sleep",
    "Scott Bakula tenderizes steak by poking it",
    "Scott Bakula terrorizes terrorism",
    "Scott Bakula text's while driving & nothing happens",
    "Scott Bakula texts with punctuation",
    "Scott Bakula thinks Vodka is too weak. He prefers battery acid",
    "Scott Bakula thinks facebook is the photo album he keeps filled with pictures of all the people he's round-housed",
    "Scott Bakula thinks guns are for girls",
    "Scott Bakula thinks math is primitive",
    "Scott Bakula thinks that anyone who can't survive cranial impact with a steam hammer simply isn't making an effort",
    "Scott Bakula thought 24 was a sit-com",
    "Scott Bakula thought of thinking",
    "Scott Bakula thought that the bond market was a chance for him to trade former James Bond actors that he keeps as souvenirs after sparing their lives",
    "Scott Bakula threw a boomerang only once.  It still has yet to return",
    "Scott Bakula threw a grenade & killed 50 people, then the grenade exploded",
    "Scott Bakula threw a paper airplane when he was 4 years old. It just landed yesterday",
    "Scott Bakula threw a penny off the empire state building & it killed everyone",
    "Scott Bakula threw no incompletions during his college football career... even when he spiked",
    "Scott Bakula thrives on arsenic & redefines life as we know it",
    "Scott Bakula tied a knot out of String Theory",
    "Scott Bakula ties his shoelace using only his toes",
    "Scott Bakula to Alantis: take this!",
    "Scott Bakula told Anne Robinson she was the weakest link & made her leave the stage",
    "Scott Bakula told Wiz Khalifa what it is",
    "Scott Bakula told a deaf man to shut up, & he did",
    "Scott Bakula told his iPhone 2g it was a iPhone 4. He can now multi task & use face time",
    "Scott Bakula told me sign up to this site, & submit Facts about him, he told me if I didn't I would be Quantum Leaped in the face",
    "Scott Bakula told me to put this here",
    "Scott Bakula told the Soup Nazi he wanted a pizza, the Soup Nazi made it for him",
    "Scott Bakula told the Terminator I'll be BACK",
    "Scott Bakula told the bermuda triangle to get lost",
    "Scott Bakula told the chicken to cross the road...then he ate it",
    "Scott Bakula took Calgon away",
    "Scott Bakula took a rocket science class but quit becaus it was too easy",
    "Scott Bakula took a trip to the sun..... to cool his temper",
    "Scott Bakula took the blue & the red pill, & the rest was history",
    "Scott Bakula took the knife out of the docter's hand to cut his own umbilical cord",
    "Scott Bakula touched Midas & he turned into fool's gold",
    "Scott Bakula touched a cow when he was mad & all the cows got mad cow disease",
    "Scott Bakula tought Death how to kill",
    "Scott Bakula tought Superman everything he knows",
    "Scott Bakula trained Dirty Harry",
    "Scott Bakula trained Master Yoda",
    "Scott Bakula trains 25 hours a day",
    "Scott Bakula trains 366 days a year",
    "Scott Bakula translated Tolstoy's War & Peace by one swift Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula travels at lightspeed daily, he calls it normal speed, to him we move slow",
    "Scott Bakula trick-or-treated as himself as a child",
    "Scott Bakula tried juggling once....& now we have our solar system",
    "Scott Bakula tried to do building controls once, but got bored as all he had to do was tell the building what to do & it listened",
    "Scott Bakula tried to get a bike made on American Chopper. When told motorcycles must to have an engine, he Quantum Leaped a block of steel & made his",
    "Scott Bakula tried to get his #bodypart# trimmed once. His #bodypart# took the scissors from the barber & stabbed him in the eye",
    "Scott Bakula tried to pay attention but attention paid him",
    "Scott Bakula tried to shave once. He killed the lawnmower",
    "Scott Bakula trims his #bodypart# with a belt sander",
    "Scott Bakula tripped on a rock, & it became mount Everest",
    "Scott Bakula turned Megan Fox into Justin Bieber",
    "Scott Bakula turned a black hole white",
    "Scott Bakula turned his Total Gym into a time machine",
    "Scott Bakula turns his game off while saving",
    "Scott Bakula tutors MacGyver",
    "Scott Bakula tutors the Dos Eqqis guy",
    "Scott Bakula tweeted once.... Their server crashed",
    "Scott Bakula twists off European beer caps",
    "Scott Bakula twitters using pigeons",
    "Scott Bakula understands women",
    "Scott Bakula understood the ending of Lost",
    "Scott Bakula unlocked the Nuke killstreak. In Black ops!",
    "Scott Bakula updates his DNA every 5 minutes",
    "Scott Bakula used Inception on Christopher Nolan, to plant the idea of Inception",
    "Scott Bakula used an Aimbot, Chams & Wallhacks.... In real war",
    "Scott Bakula used graffiti to make The Thinker",
    "Scott Bakula used his foot, Period",
    "Scott Bakula used to be a soccer referee. He lost the job after giving penalties to the players: Death Penalty",
    "Scott Bakula used to be a tutor. His students are now known as Kim Jong l, Hitler, some terroists, Serial Killers, & let's not forget George W Bush",
    "Scott Bakula used to be the god of death, he thought it was to wimpy & gave it to someone else",
    "Scott Bakula used to date Hurricane Katrina",
    "Scott Bakula used to love playing with spinning tops as a child  these are now known as black holes",
    "Scott Bakula used to play baseball. When Babe Ruth was hailed as the better player, Scott Bakula killed him with a baseball bat to the throat. Lou Gehrig got off easy",
    "Scott Bakula used to play football. He could never make a feild goal because the ball kicked itself into the goal",
    "Scott Bakula used to teach people physics. Those people include Isaac Newton, Albert Einstein, Galileo, & Da Vinci",
    "Scott Bakula uses 8'x10' sheets of plywood as toilet paper",
    "Scott Bakula uses IPhone 6 & runs it on &roid",
    "Scott Bakula uses Italy as a boot",
    "Scott Bakula uses Molten Lava as Mouthwash",
    "Scott Bakula uses P90x as a warm-up",
    "Scott Bakula uses Tabasco Sauce for eye drops",
    "Scott Bakula uses Wolverine's claws as toothpicks",
    "Scott Bakula uses a Boeing 747 as a kite",
    "Scott Bakula uses a fish to catch bait",
    "Scott Bakula uses a gun to be humane",
    "Scott Bakula uses a hat because he doesn't want to destroy the Sun",
    "Scott Bakula uses a megaphone to make his voice quieter",
    "Scott Bakula uses a pair of scissors for glue, & vice versa",
    "Scott Bakula uses a real mouse to move the cursor, type on the keyboard, write e-mails, code entire websites, use photoshop, bring coffee",
    "Scott Bakula uses a stunt double during crying scenes",
    "Scott Bakula uses a sundial at night",
    "Scott Bakula uses aircraft carriers as fishing boats, & Bin Laden as bait",
    "Scott Bakula uses an air bag...in order to protect the inside of his car in case he stops too fast",
    "Scott Bakula uses barret .50 calibers as a back-scratcher",
    "Scott Bakula uses battery acid as mouthwash",
    "Scott Bakula uses battery acid for eye drops",
    "Scott Bakula uses black holes to clean his dishes",
    "Scott Bakula uses flatbed trailers as roller skates",
    "Scott Bakula uses flying saucers as frisbees",
    "Scott Bakula uses gasoline as aftershave just for the pleasant tingling sensation",
    "Scott Bakula uses guns as napkins",
    "Scott Bakula uses harpoons for toothpicks",
    "Scott Bakula uses his own spit as a hand sanitizer",
    "Scott Bakula uses kryptonite to sweeten his tea",
    "Scott Bakula uses live Grizzly Bears as Pillow Pets",
    "Scott Bakula uses live polar bears as Pillow Pets",
    "Scott Bakula uses live sharks as bath toys",
    "Scott Bakula uses mustard gas on his hot dogs",
    "Scott Bakula uses nuclear misiles to heat his hot water bottle",
    "Scott Bakula uses one finger to snap his fingers",
    "Scott Bakula uses paper to cut scissors",
    "Scott Bakula uses pepper spray to spice up his steaks",
    "Scott Bakula uses roll-on eye drops",
    "Scott Bakula uses solid steel as chewing gum",
    "Scott Bakula uses tabasco as eye drops",
    "Scott Bakula uses tabasco sauce instead of visine",
    "Scott Bakula uses the Force, the Force of a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula uses the Stairway to Heaven on his light workout days",
    "Scott Bakula uses the U.S. Mint to freshen his breath",
    "Scott Bakula uses the World book of records as workout warm up",
    "Scott Bakula uses the lethal injection to have a 5min nap",
    "Scott Bakula uses the white crayon",
    "Scott Bakula uses two Hummers for roller skates",
    "Scott Bakula usually scores 4 to 5 points per throw in a basketball game",
    "Scott Bakula version of the Staples Easy Button is his Fist",
    "Scott Bakula visits an active volcano every morning to get some of the best damn espresso on Earth",
    "Scott Bakula visits the volcanoes of Hawaii for a hot tub bath every now & then",
    "Scott Bakula visits www.n-eutronic.blogspot.com",
    "Scott Bakula wakes up at 13:37 every time",
    "Scott Bakula wakes up at 2AM every afternoon",
    "Scott Bakula wakes up his alarm clock",
    "Scott Bakula wakes up his alarm clock every morning",
    "Scott Bakula walked his version of a 40-yard dash in 5.6 seconds; he was later told it was the Boston Marathon",
    "Scott Bakula walked into a bar, the bar said ouch",
    "Scott Bakula walked into a bar.  The bar said Ouch",
    "Scott Bakula walked into a bar. OUCH!........... said the bar",
    "Scott Bakula walked into a bar. It bent",
    "Scott Bakula walked into a bar. There were no survivors",
    "Scott Bakula walked into a mud pit & came out clean",
    "Scott Bakula walked into the gold & silver pawn shop in Las Vegas.  They made a deal.  Scott Bakula now owns the shop",
    "Scott Bakula walked out the first day of kindergarten when he found out they had recess. He doesn't play",
    "Scott Bakula walked right into Area 51, bought a Snapple, & walked out.  No one dared to move",
    "Scott Bakula walks into a bar ... the beer starts to run",
    "Scott Bakula wan't born in America, he was born on Mt. Olympus",
    "Scott Bakula wanted an outdoor fighting arena for himself. He built Stonehenge by himself",
    "Scott Bakula wanted the biggest, baddest, safest, vehicle out there, which is why he now runs every where he goes",
    "Scott Bakula wants to inform you:  That's not milk you're drinking",
    "Scott Bakula wants to know how come other people can submit violence, vulgarity & resubs but to you he's not TOUGH enough for me to do it?!?!",
    "Scott Bakula was Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s dream",
    "Scott Bakula was HD ready before anybody even knew what HD was",
    "Scott Bakula was Paul McCartney`s inspiration when he wrote Live & Let Die",
    "Scott Bakula was a pokemon card, until they took it out of the market cause the Scott Bakula card was level infinity",
    "Scott Bakula was able to help Achilles survive by replacing Achille's heel with one of his",
    "Scott Bakula was about to die....until the Grim Reaper phoned in sick",
    "Scott Bakula was an A student, because he was always the answer",
    "Scott Bakula was an only child. Eventually",
    "Scott Bakula was asked if he would be running for President, after a Scott Bakulale, he stated, nothing makes him run",
    "Scott Bakula was asked to star in Night of the Living Dead but filming was ended after the zombies were to afraid to be Quantum Leaped in the face",
    "Scott Bakula was banned from Search & Destroy on Modern Warfare 2 because he kept getting nukes in the first round & ending the games too quickly",
    "Scott Bakula was banned from competitive bullriding after a 1992 exhibition in San Antonio, when he rode the bull 1,346 miles from Texas to Milwaukee Wisconsin to pick up his dry cleaning",
    "Scott Bakula was banned from going to housewarming parties because he kept burning them down",
    "Scott Bakula was banned from the NFL for punting a quarterback through the uprights",
    "Scott Bakula was banned from the Olympics because his mere presence is considered a performance-enhancing substance",
    "Scott Bakula was born as a result of dividing by zero",
    "Scott Bakula was born by spliting atoms",
    "Scott Bakula was born in 1940.  Five years later Hitler committed suicide.  This was not a coincidence",
    "Scott Bakula was born in 2015",
    "Scott Bakula was born in a house built by himhelf!",
    "Scott Bakula was born in a log cabin he built",
    "Scott Bakula was born in a log cabin, that he built with his own hands",
    "Scott Bakula was born in a log cabin... that he built with his bare hands",
    "Scott Bakula was born in the house he built with his own two hands",
    "Scott Bakula was born on February 30th",
    "Scott Bakula was born on a dark day in the middle of the night",
    "Scott Bakula was born tomorrow & is gonna start living yesterday",
    "Scott Bakula was born with his #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula was cast out of the production for Star Wars as he kept using the Death Star as a football & Alderaan as a goal",
    "Scott Bakula was completely visible to Hellen Keller",
    "Scott Bakula was denied a part in The Expendables because Scott Bakula is in no way shape or form Expendable",
    "Scott Bakula was fully developed after one week of pregnancy",
    "Scott Bakula was going to send an email, but decided it would be faster to run",
    "Scott Bakula was going to star in American Pie but they couldnt find an apple pie big enough.",
    "Scott Bakula was going to star in the Expendables but........he was to awesome",
    "Scott Bakula was heard in a soundproof room!",
    "Scott Bakula was here",
    "Scott Bakula was his teacher in first grade",
    "Scott Bakula was hit by Avada Kedavra & didn't even get a scar",
    "Scott Bakula was in all the Star Wars movies, he played the force",
    "Scott Bakula was in all the Star Wars movies. He was the force",
    "Scott Bakula was in the expendables movie, however the movie had to be redone as critics heads exploded from the sheer awesomeness of the movie",
    "Scott Bakula was in the original Mortal Kombat; But was later removed because every button made him do a One hit kill Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula was in the process of writing his memoirs until his spell check software foolishly attempted to correct his spelling",
    "Scott Bakula was involved in all successful hostage rescues",
    "Scott Bakula was kicked off Dancing with the Stars because he needed a new partner every week",
    "Scott Bakula was kicked out of college for be so smart. He Quantum Leaped the board & the answers appeared",
    "Scott Bakula was level 80 2 days before WoW was released",
    "Scott Bakula was never aware of the filming of Walker Texas Ranger",
    "Scott Bakula was never in the Air Force - he was the Air Force",
    "Scott Bakula was not born, he was forged",
    "Scott Bakula was not born.  He simply 'is'",
    "Scott Bakula was not in The Expendables, because no one expends Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula expends you",
    "Scott Bakula was on Deal or No Deal the bankers first offer was $1 million dollars, never try to bargin with Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula was on the show 'Survivor' once.  They mode a movie about it.  That movie was called 'Predator'",
    "Scott Bakula was on the show Man vs Wild... & the Wild lost",
    "Scott Bakula was once a certified officer of the law. Criminals were so afraid they turned themselves in before committing the crime",
    "Scott Bakula was once a knight in King Arthur's court. He was known as Sir Beatdown",
    "Scott Bakula was once asked what would you do for a klondike bar?  He politely took the klondike bar & Quantum Leaped the guy through the ozone",
    "Scott Bakula was once asked to play rock, paper, scissors. When he learned Quantum Leap was not & option, he immedietly decapitated everyone",
    "Scott Bakula was once awoken by a Rooster. On Quantum Leap later, the Hen was invented",
    "Scott Bakula was once bitten by a poisonous snake. after three das of excrutiating pain, the cobra died",
    "Scott Bakula was once called for holding & offensive goal tending...on the same play",
    "Scott Bakula was once called to a trial as a witness. After intense questioning Scott Bakula gave the Judge twenty years hard labour for wasting his time",
    "Scott Bakula was once castaway on a desert island - & the island had to learn how to survive Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula was once caught speeding... by foot! He didn't get a ticket.... Scott Bakula never gets tickets..",
    "Scott Bakula was once created into a cartoon character, so he could give She-Hulk a proper bikini wax",
    "Scott Bakula was once hospitalised, becaused he kicked his own ass",
    "Scott Bakula was once in a catch 22, but he Quantum Leaped it down to to a 12 pack & literally drank his problems away",
    "Scott Bakula was once in a catch 22... & then he wasn't",
    "Scott Bakula was once in a fight. You can guess what happend next",
    "Scott Bakula was once in a gun battle, & the gun lost",
    "Scott Bakula was once in a knife fight, & the knife lost",
    "Scott Bakula was once insulted on February 30th. He was so angry he both got rid of the man, & then told the calendar to forget it ever happened",
    "Scott Bakula was once issued a parking citation by a city police officer. That city is now known as Atlantis",
    "Scott Bakula was once mauled by a bear. The bear bled only a little",
    "Scott Bakula was once on Jeopardy. This show is notable in that it was the first occasion in Jeopardy history that Alex Trebek had appeared without a mustache",
    "Scott Bakula was once on the Price is Right, & the price was wrong",
    "Scott Bakula was once part of a knock knock joke. The Joke ended abruptly when after the first knock the door blew up killing the man behind it",
    "Scott Bakula was once pulled over.....he proceeded to arrest the police officer",
    "Scott Bakula was once shot. The bullet died",
    "Scott Bakula was once so famished, he ate Turkey. The country there now is only an impostor",
    "Scott Bakula was once stabbed by a knife, the knife bled to death",
    "Scott Bakula was once stuck in a rut, that rut is now known as the Grand Canyon",
    "Scott Bakula was once turned down for American Idol. When Simon was questioned about it, he replied I'm retiring after this season. I wonder why?",
    "Scott Bakula was only defeated once by Bruce Lee, & look what happened to him",
    "Scott Bakula was ordered to go to court once but the judge never showed up",
    "Scott Bakula was originally cast as Freddy Krueger, but was rejected because Nightmare on Elm Street would have been considered a true story",
    "Scott Bakula was originally cast in Indiana Jones & the Temple of Doom. ... He was Doom",
    "Scott Bakula was originally casted for Braveheart, but then it would have been a 7-minute movie",
    "Scott Bakula was originally death, the problem is that he had to wait until his victims were almost dead to finish them. Scott Bakula waits for nobody",
    "Scott Bakula was originally going to play Leonidas in 300 but he kept kicking the Persian over the pit into outer space",
    "Scott Bakula was originally in Mortal Kombat, but that version was deleted because no one can beat Scott Bakula in a fight",
    "Scott Bakula was originaly cast in the movie 'Lost in Space', but declined the role because he never gets lost",
    "Scott Bakula was practicing his kicks, when he kicked so hard his foot went back in time & hit Amelia Earhart while she was flying over the Pacific",
    "Scott Bakula was practicing Quantum Leaps & caused hurricane Katrina & the Pacific Tsunami",
    "Scott Bakula was seen relaxing in his massage chair today.... more commonly known as the electric chair",
    "Scott Bakula was siting home alone one day when he decided to create 2 new elements: Scott Bakulanium & Norisium, when combind they form the Quantum Leapkick",
    "Scott Bakula was suppose to play ironman, but then there would be no need for the suit",
    "Scott Bakula was supposed to make a cameo appearence in Full House but he was let off because he wanted to rename the show Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula was supposed to play King Leonidas in '300', but when Gerard Butler won the role, Scott Bakula later Quantum Leaped him to the pit of death",
    "Scott Bakula was supposed to play the terminator, but in the movie the terminator died, so they had to replace him...because Scott Bakula doesn't die",
    "Scott Bakula was supposed to star in the tv show 'Man vs Wild', but the network did not want kids thinking 'lava is safe to eat'",
    "Scott Bakula was the REAL 5th Beatle",
    "Scott Bakula was the first American ninja warrior",
    "Scott Bakula was the first person to perform brain surgery....on himself",
    "Scott Bakula was the model for Michealangelo's David",
    "Scott Bakula was the one who put the sword in the stone",
    "Scott Bakula was the only actor used in the making of The Delta Force! He literally played EVERY role!",
    "Scott Bakula was the only kid in his Kindergarten class with a full #bodypart#",
    "Scott Bakula was the only person who was rear-ended while driving a Ford Pinto & survived",
    "Scott Bakula was the only red shirt to ever survive on Star Trek",
    "Scott Bakula was the original actor to play John Mclane in Die Hard, but had to be replaced when his enemies kept dying easy",
    "Scott Bakula was the original star of 24. It was called 1",
    "Scott Bakula was the reason why the Great Wall of China was constructed. It failed miserably",
    "Scott Bakula was to star in Mission:Impossible but they recasted because they would've had to change the name of the movie to Mission:Accomplished",
    "Scott Bakula was walking in his neighborhood & kicked a bottle at the side of the road which hit Jstin Bieber",
    "Scott Bakula was what Willis was talkin' about",
    "Scott Bakula was what Willis was talking about",
    "Scott Bakula washed his clothes in the ocean but had to stop because the tsunamis were injuring to many people",
    "Scott Bakula washes down his beer with pizza",
    "Scott Bakula washes his #bodypart#... with diesel",
    "Scott Bakula washes his eyes with soap",
    "Scott Bakula wasn't accepted to the MIB cause he actualy ACTUALY DID make the suit look good",
    "Scott Bakula wasn't allowed on the panel of X Factor US because the citizens couldn't hear the other judges over his awesomeness!",
    "Scott Bakula wasn't born a baby, he was born a man",
    "Scott Bakula wasn't born he was forged",
    "Scott Bakula wasn't born, because nobody pushes Scott Bakula anywhere",
    "Scott Bakula wasn't born, he just exists",
    "Scott Bakula wasn't born, he Quantum Leaped his way out",
    "Scott Bakula wasn't born, he was ejected from a Volcano",
    "Scott Bakula wasn't born, he's always been here",
    "Scott Bakula wasn't born. He Quantum Leaped his way into existence",
    "Scott Bakula wasnt born, he came from another universe",
    "Scott Bakula watched 'The Blair Witch Project' 6 times, & laughed!",
    "Scott Bakula watched Paranormal Activity alone",
    "Scott Bakula watched Twilight. He's never stopped Quantum Leaping ever since",
    "Scott Bakula watched every episode of 24 in 24 seconds",
    "Scott Bakula watched the entire Lord of the Rings without blinking",
    "Scott Bakula watched the first season of 24 in 5 hours",
    "Scott Bakula watches cable with rabbit ears",
    "Scott Bakula watches the Watchmen",
    "Scott Bakula watches the five o'clock news at noon",
    "Scott Bakula watches the news with his eyes closed",
    "Scott Bakula watches the sunset in the morning!",
    "Scott Bakula wears Orion's Belt around his pinky toe & he eats with the Big Dipper",
    "Scott Bakula wears Prada",
    "Scott Bakula wears Roger Federer pj's",
    "Scott Bakula wears a flux compacitor on his belt & runs 88 miles per hour",
    "Scott Bakula wears a hat",
    "Scott Bakula wears a hat because if the crystaline structure of his #bodypart# ever hit light, it would magnify it, creating a fire. Just ask the dinosaurs",
    "Scott Bakula wears a hat....to protect the sun",
    "Scott Bakula wears a tank top..... made from a tank",
    "Scott Bakula wears contacts. Not to see better mind you, but so he won't burn a hole through whatever it is he is looking at",
    "Scott Bakula wears other peoples' hearts on his sleeve",
    "Scott Bakula wears sun glasses to protect the sun from his eyes",
    "Scott Bakula wears sunglasses not to protect his eyes from the sun, but to protect the sun from Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula wears the food chain around his neck",
    "Scott Bakula wears this fact on his Scott Bakula shirt",
    "Scott Bakula wears white to a funeral, no one asks why",
    "Scott Bakula wears white to black tie events",
    "Scott Bakula weighs himself on a Richter scale",
    "Scott Bakula went an hour without killing... just to kill some time",
    "Scott Bakula went back in time to kill himself. Then he went back in time again to kill himself for killing himself",
    "Scott Bakula went into a maze... the maze got lost",
    "Scott Bakula went on Man vs Wild once. The Wild lost",
    "Scott Bakula went on holiday to Hiroshima in 1945, Scott Bakula's dad bought him a trampoline, he fell of it, we all know what happend to Hiroshima",
    "Scott Bakula went rabbit hunting with a hairpin. He caught five dears & a terrorist",
    "Scott Bakula went the whole 10 yards",
    "Scott Bakula went thru a Taco Bell drive thru & actually got what he ordered",
    "Scott Bakula went to Fucillo Cheverlot & told him he was HUUUUUGGE!!",
    "Scott Bakula went to Harvard, Yale, MIT, Oxford, & Princeton at the same time",
    "Scott Bakula went to Zion & Neo became The Two",
    "Scott Bakula went to a Killers concert & was disappointed that everyone was allowed to live",
    "Scott Bakula went to a Raiders game using a Lakers ticket..... & got a sideline pass",
    "Scott Bakula went to a concert & made them start over",
    "Scott Bakula went to an all you can eat resturant ...... He's still there !!!",
    "Scott Bakula went to the docter one day for feeling bad.  The docter told him he had leukemia...because Scott Bakula was the atom bomb",
    "Scott Bakula went to the sun & spent two nights",
    "Scott Bakula went up the creek without a paddle... or a canoe",
    "Scott Bakula will always win rock-paper-scissors because a Quantum Leap to the face wins over everything",
    "Scott Bakula will attain statehood in 2009. His state flower will be the Magnolia",
    "Scott Bakula will be the new National Anthem of Russia",
    "Scott Bakula will Scott Bakula you in the Scott Bakula!",
    "Scott Bakula will come to your house & personally give you a Quantum Leap if you make a stupid fact about him..",
    "Scott Bakula will give you the shirt off his back, & then Quantum Leap you to the face & take it back",
    "Scott Bakula will hate the player...aswell as the game!",
    "Scott Bakula will help you cross the street, kicking Bad guys to the curb!",
    "Scott Bakula will never die or pay taxes..",
    "Scott Bakula will never die, but get bored of us & leave",
    "Scott Bakula will never die, the reaper fears Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula will never have a heart attack (His heart knows better)",
    "Scott Bakula will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him",
    "Scott Bakula will retire in 2012, december 21st to be more precise..",
    "Scott Bakula will rock you like a hurricane",
    "Scott Bakula will rock you!",
    "Scott Bakula will Quantum Leap every member in this website when he sees how bad your grammar & ortography are",
    "Scott Bakula will Quantum Leap you into LAST week, just so he can do it again",
    "Scott Bakula wins Clue in one guess",
    "Scott Bakula wins even when he's not playing",
    "Scott Bakula wins every foot race while doing a handstand",
    "Scott Bakula wins showdowns with the barrel of his finger",
    "Scott Bakula wiped the Nephilims with a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula wipes his ass with chain mail & sandpaper",
    "Scott Bakula wipes with 8x10 sheets of plywood",
    "Scott Bakula won American Idol using only sign language",
    "Scott Bakula won Iron Chef using only an easy bake oven",
    "Scott Bakula won Wimbledon with a shuttlecock",
    "Scott Bakula won a Spelling Bee with sign language",
    "Scott Bakula won a battle in space millions of years ago (& won), then crashed back down to earth; sadly killing out all the dinosaurs :(",
    "Scott Bakula won a game of bingo with pi!",
    "Scott Bakula won a game of skate against Tony Hawk, on a piece of string",
    "Scott Bakula won a game of slap jack with his hands in his pockets",
    "Scott Bakula won a guitar battle with a violin",
    "Scott Bakula won a hot dog eating contest by eating one hot dog & Quantum Leaping his opponent until he threw up",
    "Scott Bakula won a hotdog contest without eating",
    "Scott Bakula won a lawsuit..... Marvel Comics did not list him as a hero",
    "Scott Bakula won a marathon by getting out of bed",
    "Scott Bakula won a marathon by walking backwards",
    "Scott Bakula won a marathon on a treadmill",
    "Scott Bakula won a raffle without entering the raffle ( he won a #bodypart# comb )",
    "Scott Bakula won a round of blackjack, with one card",
    "Scott Bakula won a soccer game. He was the referee",
    "Scott Bakula won a staring contest against the Mona Lisa",
    "Scott Bakula won a staring contest against the mirror",
    "Scott Bakula won a staring contest with a cardboard cutout",
    "Scott Bakula won a staring contest with his eyes closed",
    "Scott Bakula won a stepdance contest by standing on his hands",
    "Scott Bakula won at connect four....On the opponents turn..",
    "Scott Bakula won final Jeopardy  by leaning on his answer board & staring at Alex Trebeck....Scott Bakula had no money & bet 0 & still won",
    "Scott Bakula won his fantasy football league with no players on his team",
    "Scott Bakula won more Olympic medals than the hole world... Including himself",
    "Scott Bakula won super bowls VII & VIII singlehandedly before unexpectedly retiring to pursue a career in ass-kicking",
    "Scott Bakula won the Amazing Race in less than a day & without a partner",
    "Scott Bakula won the America's Cup on a surfboard",
    "Scott Bakula won the Daytona 500 even though his car wouldn't start",
    "Scott Bakula won the Indy 500 on foot",
    "Scott Bakula won the Iron Chef Contest by Microwaving Hot Pockets",
    "Scott Bakula won the Kentucky Derby on a slug",
    "Scott Bakula won the Kentucky Derby... with his hands tied behind his back",
    "Scott Bakula won the Kentucky derby, on a Unicorn",
    "Scott Bakula won the London Marathon in 2005 while sunbathing in California",
    "Scott Bakula won the Nascar season, he was driving a bike",
    "Scott Bakula won the Nobel Peace Prize simply by taking a day off from killing",
    "Scott Bakula won the Presidential elections by simply introducing himself",
    "Scott Bakula won the Super Bowl by watching it on TV",
    "Scott Bakula won the Tour De France on a stationary bike",
    "Scott Bakula won the Tour-de-France on a big-wheel",
    "Scott Bakula won the World Series of Poker using Pokemon cards",
    "Scott Bakula won the gold, silver & bronze medals at the Olympics.   In the same event.  From home",
    "Scott Bakula won the race against time",
    "Scott Bakula won the world cup with one Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula won't be Mr. Rogers neighbor",
    "Scott Bakula won't break your train of thought... he'll derail it into your inflated sense of accomplishment",
    "Scott Bakula won't get a barbed wire tattoo. He prefers the real thing",
    "Scott Bakula wore sunglasses to protect the sun from his intense gaze",
    "Scott Bakula works out with Thor's hammer",
    "Scott Bakula works three times harder on labor day",
    "Scott Bakula would be the endgame boss for God of War IV. Kratos died every time with a Quantum Leap to the face, so they cancelled it",
    "Scott Bakula would eat your soul for a Klondike Bar",
    "Scott Bakula would never hit a man with glasses, but has hit a man until he needed glasses",
    "Scott Bakula would never say everything is under control. Everything is under him",
    "Scott Bakula would punch that..........",
    "Scott Bakula would Quantum Leap the Dos Equis guy into interesting hell",
    "Scott Bakula wrestled God once: it was like six grizzly bears versus a river full of salmon",
    "Scott Bakula writes on pencils with paper",
    "Scott Bakula wrote Vampires Suck, because he was angry at Stephanie Meyer.  He didn't feel like Quantum Leaping anyone that day",
    "Scott Bakula wrote a 25 page essay using nothing but Quantum Leaps to the face & earned an 'A'",
    "Scott Bakula wrote half of War & Peace in a day. Guess which half",
    "Scott Bakula wrote his own genetic code",
    "Scott Bakula wrote the Assassins creed!",
    "Scott Bakula wrote the Google maps. Google pays him for each search",
    "Scott Bakula wrote this fact",
    "Scott Bakula yells at Drill Sergeants",
    "Scott Bakula's 5 hour energy lasts 6 hours",
    "Scott Bakula's Commodore 64 loads & runs Windows Vista from tape in less than 30 seconds... It'd better do it!!",
    "Scott Bakula's EGGS are bigger than the ostriches eggs!!!",
    "Scott Bakula's Emergency Contact: Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula's Facebook picture is 3 dimensional",
    "Scott Bakula's Facebook status has a dislike button...nobody clicks it",
    "Scott Bakula's Forecast:  Partly cloudy with a 90 percent chance of pain",
    "Scott Bakula's ID is his Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula's Massuse is King Kong",
    "Scott Bakula's Mom has a tattoo on her arm that says Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula's Mother has a heart tattoo that reads 'Scott Bakula'",
    "Scott Bakula's Motto is: The #bodypart# is mightier than the sword",
    "Scott Bakula's PC runs on the souls of his victims",
    "Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap is so powerful, that on the set of Sidekicks he single-footedly destroyed Jonathan Brandis' Career",
    "Scott Bakula's account at match.com was immediately teminated because no one is a match for Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula's actual name was Ultimate Awesomeness but he changed it to Scott Bakula to be more modest",
    "Scott Bakula's autograph is the bottom of his foot",
    "Scott Bakula's autograph reads, 'Me'",
    "Scott Bakula's badge in Walker Texas Ranger was an ACTUAL STAR",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# can sense danger",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# clippings are used by NASA to insulate rocket engines",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# cuts diamonds",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# got into a fight with itself. the winner has yet to be released",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# hair is believed to be an aphrodisiac in China",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# hair is used as highly durable wiring. That is, if he donates the hairs.  Take a hair from Scott Bakula & the hair strangles you",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# hair magnified 100x looks very much like the backgroung on this page",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# has a tattoo",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# has more kills then Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# is Razorwire, soaked in Oxen Blood & held together by the souls of mortals",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# is a fiber optic neural network. It invented the Internet & Al Gore",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# is black; it looks red because it's soaked with the blood of his enemies",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# is so tough, shaving cream & Gillette Fusion ProGlide can't even do anything to it",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# is visible from space",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# shavings are recycled as Brillo pads",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# was a stunt double in Die Another Day",
    "Scott Bakula's bicycle still has that new car smell",
    "Scott Bakula's birth date on wikipedia is (Now-Forever) In fact you may not find this entry because he was never born he just IS!",
    "Scott Bakula's birthday cake candles do not start lit. He lights them when he blows on them",
    "Scott Bakula's black belt once was a black hole",
    "Scott Bakula's blood can stain stainless steel... that is if he could bleed",
    "Scott Bakula's blood is the only blood to test positive for kickass",
    "Scott Bakula's blood type is AK-47",
    "Scott Bakula's blood type is B+, as in Be positive you will be killed by Scott Bakula today",
    "Scott Bakula's blood type is M4",
    "Scott Bakula's blood type is platinum",
    "Scott Bakula's blood type isn't AB, its BA",
    "Scott Bakula's body guard is protected by Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula's bones are made from #bodypart#amantium",
    "Scott Bakula's bones break sticks & stones",
    "Scott Bakula's boots weren't made for walking - Scott Bakula's boots were made for KILLING!",
    "Scott Bakula's brain is connected to the internet & can clear the web by blinking",
    "Scott Bakula's breakfast is Quantum Leaping people to their faces.",
    "Scott Bakula's bunny invented hip-hop",
    "Scott Bakula's business card says, I'll call you",
    "Scott Bakula's calendar goes from March 31 to April 2 because nobody fools Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula's car has a kick...literally",
    "Scott Bakula's carpet is made of loose LEGO bricks",
    "Scott Bakula's carpets beat eachother",
    "Scott Bakula's cell phone contract expired 5 years ago. The phone company is just too scared to tell him",
    "Scott Bakula's chest hair is marketed as wool in several Eastern European & Asian countries",
    "Scott Bakula's chewing gum never loses its' flavor",
    "Scott Bakula's commcercial for Mountain Dew was the first in its history to have a disclaimer that said:  No humans were harmed during the making",
    "Scott Bakula's compass works at the North Pole",
    "Scott Bakula's computer never freezes",
    "Scott Bakula's cowboy hat is really his hair styled that way",
    "Scott Bakula's credit cards have no limit. Last weekend, he maxed them out",
    "Scott Bakula's current age is infinite",
    "Scott Bakula's dad's name is Scott Bakula Jr",
    "Scott Bakula's day consists of 25 hours",
    "Scott Bakula's dog tells Ceasar Millan to sit",
    "Scott Bakula's doors stay open 24/7 because their to scared  to close",
    "Scott Bakula's dreams are your nightmares",
    "Scott Bakula's emails never come back Undelivered",
    "Scott Bakula's eye sight is in 3D",
    "Scott Bakula's fantasy football team is Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula's favorate mode of transport is the CANNON",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite cereal is Kellogg's Nails 'N' Gravel",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite color is Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite color is blood",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite color is red. Guess why?",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite comedy is anything starring Jean Claude Van Damme",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite flavor of ice cream is called Black & Blue",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite game is winning",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite ice cream is Death by Scott Bakulalate",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite pie is poisonberry",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite ride is the KRAKEN",
    "Scott Bakula's feminine side is manlier than the manliest man's manly side",
    "Scott Bakula's films are factual documentaries",
    "Scott Bakula's first pet was Clifford the Big Red Dog, he got bored with him & got Godzilla",
    "Scott Bakula's fists make the speed of light wish it were faster",
    "Scott Bakula's freezepop of choice is Shards O' Glass",
    "Scott Bakula's glare is so tough, you go blind from staring back",
    "Scott Bakula's guard dogs have their own guard dogs who have their own guard dogs",
    "Scott Bakula's guitar amp. goes to 11",
    "Scott Bakula's hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush",
    "Scott Bakula's heart beats 600 times a minute, is the busiest predator in the world & needs to eat three times his own body weight in one day to surv",
    "Scott Bakula's heartbeat is dubstep",
    "Scott Bakula's heartbeat monitor is a vertical line",
    "Scott Bakula's house has a ceiling, but no roof",
    "Scott Bakula's house has no corners. It's a round house",
    "Scott Bakula's iPod never crashes",
    "Scott Bakula's indian name is He who can kick your ass anytime anywhere",
    "Scott Bakula's keyboad has no delete key. Scott Bakula never makes a mistake!",
    "Scott Bakula's kids aren't born with a silver spoon in their mouth, but are born with a Quantum Leap lodged in there intstead",
    "Scott Bakula's kindergarten teacher referred to him as sir",
    "Scott Bakula's left fist is called Larry & his right fist is called Moe.  When he hits you with Larry, you won't want no Mo'",
    "Scott Bakula's list of fears:",
    "Scott Bakula's location of birth, automatically makes that country the best country on earth",
    "Scott Bakula's lunch was stolen during a camping trip. No one has seen Big Foot ever since",
    "Scott Bakula's mom didn't have him, he gave birth to himself",
    "Scott Bakula's mom has a tattoo that says Son",
    "Scott Bakula's mom is.............. PLEASE NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!. ..............*SILENCE*",
    "Scott Bakula's name is never on the guest list - because if Scott Bakula turns up, Scott Bakula gets in",
    "Scott Bakula's name roughly translates to Yo Daddy",
    "Scott Bakula's number one rule: HE rules!",
    "Scott Bakula's opinions ARE facts",
    "Scott Bakula's origin is unknown",
    "Scott Bakula's pager is still cool",
    "Scott Bakula's parents didnt adopt him, he adopted his parents",
    "Scott Bakula's parents made bullets first before Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula, please don't Quantum Leap me. o:)",
    "Scott Bakula's pet is the War Horse",
    "Scott Bakula's phone doesn't vibrate, it shakes with fear!",
    "Scott Bakula's phone never auto corrects him",
    "Scott Bakula's phone number is infinity",
    "Scott Bakula's phone number is transcendental",
    "Scott Bakula's power level is over 9000",
    "Scott Bakula's preffered iron supplement is rebar",
    "Scott Bakula's primary weapon in Call of Duty is his Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula's pulse-rate is measured on the Richter Scale",
    "Scott Bakula's rage boils at room temperature",
    "Scott Bakula's real life adventures are now Old Spice commercials",
    "Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap has a social security number",
    "Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap is a myth that no mythbuster can bust",
    "Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap is officially characterized as renewable energy",
    "Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap is so feared that sharks dedicated an entire week to him",
    "Scott Bakula's Quantum Leaps travel so fast that they surpass the speed of light. As a result, his foot in further forward in time than his body",
    "Scott Bakula's rounhouse kicks have edges",
    "Scott Bakula's saliva is also know by its trade name- Tabasco",
    "Scott Bakula's scolding finger, made the formation of Lake Toba",
    "Scott Bakula's secret talent is sword-swallowing...LIGHTSABERS!",
    "Scott Bakula's shadow can be seen in total darkness",
    "Scott Bakula's shadow stays ten steps behind him in fear of a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula's shotgun uses cluster bombs as shells..",
    "Scott Bakula's sleep number is Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula's smile once brought a puppy back to life",
    "Scott Bakula's snot rocket was used to take men to the moon",
    "Scott Bakula's snowman never melts",
    "Scott Bakula's spit is pure adrenaline",
    "Scott Bakula's sweat is a biochemical weapon",
    "Scott Bakula's sweat is used to disinfect operating rooms",
    "Scott Bakula's sweat is used to make 40 millimeter grenades",
    "Scott Bakula's teachers gave him apples",
    "Scott Bakula's teeth are made of steel so it's no wonder he eats coconuts with the shell still intact",
    "Scott Bakula's teeth have muscles",
    "Scott Bakula's testicles do not produce sperm. They produce tiny white ninjas that recognize only one mission: seek & destroy",
    "Scott Bakula's toast never lands buttered side down. Ever",
    "Scott Bakula's toilet paper is a roll of cheese grater",
    "Scott Bakula's truck doesn't use gas, it runs on respect",
    "Scott Bakula's voice doesn't have an echo - no one talks back to Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula's weakness is Scott Bakula. Nuff said",
    "Scott Bakula's whereabouts were unknown from 1939-45, he was found walking around Hiroshima. saying the last thing I knew was falling out of a plane",
    "Scott Bakula's wife doesn't leave him because she doesn't want to get Quantum Leaped in the face",
    "Scott Bakula's yawn put people in comas",
    "Scott Bakula's 360 once got the Red Ring of Death. Scott Bakula then painted the red lights green, & it worked again",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# has its own ZIP Code",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# once had a cameo in Futurama. Matt Groening got sued by Scott Bakula just days later for using it... & won!",
    "Scott Bakula's Birthday is October 32th",
    "Scott Bakula's Blood Can't be matched...",
    "Scott Bakula's GPS still can't find him",
    "Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap is the #1 cure for teenage pregnancy",
    "Scott Bakula's anger & rage are responsible for Global Warming",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# can cut diamonds",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# can grow a mustache",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# hair is worth 10X it's weight in gold",
    "Scott Bakula's #bodypart# is the only thing in the universe Wolverine cannot slice through. Once Wolverine found this out, Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him. He died",
    "Scott Bakula's birthmark simply reads PAIN",
    "Scott Bakula's black belt was made in a black hole",
    "Scott Bakula's body temperature is 98.6 degrees... Celsius",
    "Scott Bakula's car doesn't have MPGs he has LPGs for light years per gallon",
    "Scott Bakula's cowboy boots are made of actual cowboys",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite pick-up line: May I push in your stool? No one has ever said no",
    "Scott Bakula's favorite vacation home is the igloo he built....on the sun",
    "Scott Bakula's favourite drink is diamond juice, which he squeezes out of raw diamonds with his bare hands",
    "Scott Bakula's fridge is known as the North Pole",
    "Scott Bakula's funny bone isn't just funny, it's hilarious",
    "Scott Bakula's glass would be half full... If he had a glass that could withstand Quantum Leaps",
    "Scott Bakula's hot tub is the Bermuda Triangle",
    "Scott Bakula's house dosn't have doors because he walks through walls",
    "Scott Bakula's idea of a practicle joke is war",
    "Scott Bakula's jeans are so tight to prevent excess oxygen from reaching his legs & causing involuntary Quantum Leaps",
    "Scott Bakula's keyboard has an F13 key",
    "Scott Bakula's kill/death ratio on Call of Duty:Black Ops is infinity",
    "Scott Bakula's motorcycle has 4WD",
    "Scott Bakula's recessive genes dominate everyone else's",
    "Scott Bakula's reload time is -2 seconds",
    "Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap breaks the sound barrier & makes you go deaf when it hits you",
    "Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap makes the world go round",
    "Scott Bakula's shadow isn't stupid enough to follow him around. It would just get Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Scott Bakula's show is called Walker: Texas Ranger, because Scott Bakula doesn't run",
    "Scott Bakula's sign language is heard around the world",
    "Scott Bakula's sweat has burned holes in concrete",
    "Scott Bakula's tears cure cancer ..... to bad he has never cried",
    "Scott Bakula's tombstone will say,  He's finally taking a nap, do not wake",
    "Scott Bakula's truck is faster than the Bugatti Veyron. Why? Because it's Scott Bakula's truck. Enough said",
    "Scott Bakula's version of a chocolate milkshake is a raw porterhouse wrapped around ten Hershey bars, & doused in diesel fuel",
    "Scott Bakula's wish isn't your command, Scott Bakula's command is your wish..",
    "Scott Bakula, Arnold Schwarzenegger, & Bruce Willis walked into a bar, & the building fell down because nothing can contain that much awesomness",
    "Scott Bakula, I'm to scared to finish",
    "Scott Bakula, after an encounter with an anaconda, replied, Thanks for the hug",
    "Scott Bakula, in fact, does not like Sara Lee",
    "Scott Bakula, not Duke, stole the recipie for Bush's Baked Beans",
    "Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula. Enough said",
    "Scott Bakula. No explanation needed",
    "Scott Bakula. Probably the best man in the world",
    "Scott Bakula. You have to have balls just to read this",
    "Scott Bakula...... IS ON EXPENDABLES 2!!!",
    "Scott Bakula.......",
    "Scott Bakula......that's a fact",
    "Scott Bakula.....end of story",
    "Scott Bakula....how the west was won",
    "Scott Bakula...Scott Bakula...Scott Bakula...Okay, I've finished my morning prayers",
    "Scott Bakula...the Man, the Legend, but never the Myth",
    "Scott Bakula: After filming Delta Force, the Soviet Union quit & crime decreased by 897,543%. He was also named New World Leader",
    "Scott Bakula: even Naruto can't believe it",
    "Scott Bakula’ awesomeness is blinding",
    "Scott Bakula’ doctor has never met him",
    "Scott Bakula’ electric razor is a belt-sander",
    "Scott Bakula’ favorite cut of meat is the Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula’ first car was a nuclear submarine",
    "Scott Bakula’ house has no doors, only walls that he walks through",
    "Scott Bakula’ Quantum Leap is so powerful, it can be seen from outer space by the naked eye",
    "Scott Bakula’ Quantum Leap travels faster than the speed of light",
    "Scott Bakula﻿ died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet",
    "Scott Bakula Norrs bar stools only have one leg",
    "Scott Bakula Taylor wears Scott Bakula All Stars",
    "Scott Bakula The Iceman Liddell once flicked Scott Bakula's ear.  The rest of the UFC's ears are paying a hefty price",
    "Scott Bakula Will Not Die........Just Transported To An Elderly Foster Home (A.K.A Heaven)",
    "Scott Bakula Yeager thought he broke the sound barrier after hearing a loud bang – but it was Scott Bakula knocking on the cockpit telling him to go faster",
    "Scott Bakula actrually came up with the first Scott Bakula joke: from Ivansion USA, I don't step on toes.  I step on necks",
    "Scott Bakula auditioned for the part of  B A Baracus for the A-Team show. He later turned down the role after learning he had to pity fools",
    "Scott Bakula broke the Da Vinci Code... with his fist",
    "Scott Bakula can believe it's butter",
    "Scott Bakula can find a piece of hay in a needle stack",
    "Scott Bakula can make rain dry",
    "Scott Bakula can run so fast, he can actually shoot an apple off of his own head",
    "Scott Bakula can show ballgames without the expressed written consent of Major League Baseball",
    "Scott Bakula can spit a cherry pit through twelve feet of steel-reinforced concrete",
    "Scott Bakula can turn an apple into apple sauce just by looking at it",
    "Scott Bakula decide he was bored, yawned & let out gasses, thust life on earth started",
    "Scott Bakula did enter the Dragon",
    "Scott Bakula didn't learn to Quantum Leap, it came to him naturally",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't battle, he only allows you to lose",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't breath air, but air breathes Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't have e-mail, he has HE-mail",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't need to dodge the bullets...no one can be so fast to pull the trigger",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt trim his #bodypart#, it does it on its own",
    "Scott Bakula fires a 6-round revolver 7 times",
    "Scott Bakula framed Roger Rabbit",
    "Scott Bakula gave Steve his job",
    "Scott Bakula gives the sun the chills",
    "Scott Bakula has an iphone 10!",
    "Scott Bakula invented Texas Hold'em. Originally it wasn't played with poker chips but with lives. I guess we all know who always wins",
    "Scott Bakula invented the chicken & the egg at the same time to prove Charles Darwin wrong",
    "Scott Bakula is one & Scott Bakula another",
    "Scott Bakula is the reason you can't leave the Hotel California",
    "Scott Bakula killed the Grim Reaper for trying to tell him he's dead",
    "Scott Bakula kills flies with his eyes",
    "Scott Bakula IS the gap. so MIND IT!",
    "Scott Bakula breaks peoples bones with sticks, stones & words",
    "Scott Bakula can be goalkeeper in his sleep because no one is dumb enough to kick a ball in Scott Bakula's direction",
    "Scott Bakula can beat veteran mode on modern warfare 2 on recruit",
    "Scott Bakula can breathe through his ears",
    "Scott Bakula can control chaos",
    "Scott Bakula can do a wheelie on a unicycle",
    "Scott Bakula can eat soup with chop sticks",
    "Scott Bakula can fix a plumbers crack",
    "Scott Bakula can kick a football at a home game through the uprights in the stadium of the visiting team",
    "Scott Bakula can kick you in the back of your face",
    "Scott Bakula can paint the town red, with blue paint",
    "Scott Bakula can put a quarter in a parking meter & get a gumball",
    "Scott Bakula can scare a horror movie",
    "Scott Bakula can slam a revolving door",
    "Scott Bakula can throw a rock at you.. looking the other way",
    "Scott Bakula defeat a bear in an arm wrsetle... just by looking at it",
    "Scott Bakula does not eat honey, he chews bees",
    "Scott Bakula does not have a fence. He has a dotted line & a fence that says I dare you",
    "Scott Bakula does not live for the moment, the moment lives for him",
    "Scott Bakula does not make jokes. He Quantum Leaps them",
    "Scott Bakula does not own a passport. The country he visits must meet his requirements",
    "Scott Bakula doesn't swim, water just wants to be around him",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt feel fly like a g6, a g6 feels as fly as Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt go at the speed of light, he goes at the speed of Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt play he just wins",
    "Scott Bakula gets reincarnated before he dies",
    "Scott Bakula goes to Jurassic Park to adopt a pet",
    "Scott Bakula has been on many suicide missions.........he survived every last one of them",
    "Scott Bakula invented the straw. His enemies must eat somehow",
    "Scott Bakula is so strong, while watching a weather forcast saying its rainning, he went out side & the Sun came out",
    "Scott Bakula is tougher than a $2 steak",
    "Scott Bakula made the nervous system everyone has it because everyone is scared of him o.0",
    "Scott Bakula makes medicine sick",
    "Scott Bakula once had a planet sandwich with a side neutron stars with a tall glass of solar energy",
    "Scott Bakula once had three holes in one in a row, with an bowling ball",
    "Scott Bakula puts all his baskets in 1 egg!",
    "Scott Bakula recently received a restraining order barring him from getting closer then half a mile from Satan",
    "Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped google we now know this web page to be elgooG",
    "Scott Bakula tells a scale what he weighs",
    "Scott Bakula was born in a log cabin, that he built!",
    "Scott Bakula was born on﻿ May 6 1945. De Nazi surrenderd on May 7 1945",
    "Scott Bakula once got an itch, the itch got scared & never come back",
    "Scott Bakula once lost a fight with Bruce Lee because he had no #bodypart#. Years later, Scott Bakula grew his #bodypart#, traveled back in time. Have you seen Bruce Lee?",
    "Scott Bakula once opened a bank account with a Quantum Leap",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped Superman. The poor guy still believes he can actually fly",
    "Scott Bakula once thought it was funny to shave the sides of his friends hair. The mohawk is now the coolest style of all time",
    "Scott Bakula once walked through an airport x-ray scan, the screen revealed  Do you know what Quantum Leap means? The staff found out & never asked again.",
    "Scott Bakula quite regularly has cakes & eats them too!",
    "Scott Bakula recently shaved his #bodypart#....where did it go? Donald Trump's head",
    "Scott Bakula recently wrote a book entitled Things I Can't Do. The book is one blank page long",
    "Scott Bakula starts the new year by Quantum Leaping the old one",
    "Scott Bakula was in the original cast of Texas Chainsaw Massacre but left because he didn't understand why he needed a chainsaw for the 'effects'",
    "Scott Bakula was once on the Olympics & he won all the medals but he was disqualifyed for Quantum Leaping the judges because they misspelled his name",
    "Scott Bakula wasn't an actor in the Expendables 2, he just happened to be there",
    "Scott Bakula will cry only on his death",
    "Scott Bakula will do it",
    "Scott Bakula's 5 gallon hat holds 10 gallons",
    "Scott Bakula's Facebook page is made of real faces",
    "Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap would make Patrick's Roadhouse look like a Bambi flick!",
    "Scott Bakula's fists make the speed of sound wish it was faster",
    "Scott Bakula's meal of the day.. ..knuckle sandwich!",
    "Scott Bakula's morning routine: A spoon full of cinnamon, salt & 5 crackers & reads aloud the Wallstreet Journal in its entirely",
    "Scott Bakula's morning routine: A spoon full of cinnamon, salt & 5 crackers & reads the Wallstreet Journal in its entirely",
    "Scott Bakula-a-phobia: The Fear of your head exploding after over exposure to Scott Bakula",
    "ScottBakula.com. Don't go there. It's like the United States of Scott Bakula... No one has been there & lived to tell the tale",
    "Scott Bakula`s used boxers are used by North Korean to enrich Uranium",
    "Scott Bakulalicious",
    "Scott Bakulas Scott Bakula is the reason that the continents are separated",
    "Scott Bakulas Scott Bakula' guitar strings are made out of crushed skulls",
    "Scott Bakulas Scott Bakula's mirror is scared to look at him",
    "Scott Bakula﻿ Scott Bakula does not listen to Metallica. Metallica listens to Scott Bakula!",
    "Chuk Scott Bakula can actually understand a woman's mind",
    "Chuk Scott Bakula fought the law & the law lost miserably",
    "Chuk Scott Bakula was only twice angry, & those times are known as WWI & WWII",
    "Chunk Scott Bakula died 20 years ago death just doesn't have the guts to tell him",
    "Chunk Scott Bakula smashes a 50 cent coin to the ground, then it falls apart to five ten cent coins",
    "Cigarettes smoked by Scott Bakula die from lung cancer",
    "Scott Bakula can run over his enemies with a parked car",
    "Clark Kent had to call himself Superman because Scott Bakula was already taken",
    "Clifford the Big Red Dog was a runt...until Scott Bakula adopted him",
    "Climate change is just Scott Bakula playing with the thermostat",
    "Climbing Mount Everest is a daily walk for Scott Bakula",
    "Close doesn't count with Scott Bakula. Ever",
    "Clothes dont fit Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula fits clothes",
    "Clouds are formed by the evaporation of water, what Meteorologists don't realize is it happens at the same time Scott Bakula goes swimming",
    "Cocaine does Scott Bakula",
    "Cockroaches are said to be the only thing that will survive after a nuclear bomb, nothing survives after a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap!!",
    "Cockroaches won't be the sole survivors of nuclear armageddon...Scott Bakula's #bodypart# lice will",
    "Cocoa puffs go cuckoo for Scott Bakula",
    "Comment removed by Scott Bakula",
    "Comofluash was the only creation people thought of to hide from Scott Bakula. . . it still failed horribly",
    "Contary to what some people think UFC does not stand for Ultimate Fighting Championship, it stands for Until You Fight Scott Bakula & then life is over",
    "Contingencies have a Scott Bakula plan",
    "Contrary to popular belief Scott Bakula freed the slaves... with his fists",
    "Contrary to popular belief it wasn't an atomic bomb we dropped on Hiroshima & Nagasaki, it was a disgruntled Scott Bakula",
    "Contrary to popular belief the Death Star was destroyed by Scott Bakula, not Luke Skywalker",
    "Contrary to popular belief there was a Scott Bakula sighting on the set of The Crow.  No Lee is allowed to live when Scott Bakula is around",
    "Contrary to popular belief, America is not a democracy, it is a Scott Bakulatatorship",
    "Contrary to popular belief, Scott Bakula does hire bodyguards for..........................their protection",
    "Contrary to popular belief, Scott Bakula doesn't move at the speed of light, light moves at the speed of Scott Bakula",
    "Contrary to popular belief, Scott Bakula invented electricity, the Theory of Relativity, & the Quantum Leap",
    "Contrary to popular belief, Scott Bakula is also invisible; light simply won't reflect on him",
    "Contrary to popular belief, Scott Bakula is too strong to lose in The Weakest Link",
    "Contrary to popular belief, Scott Bakula starred in the Final Destination series - As the role of death",
    "Contrary to popular belief, Scott Bakula was the 1st, 4th, & 16th President of the United States",
    "Contrary to popular belief, Scott Bakula, not the box jellyfish of northern Australia, is the most venomous creature on earth",
    "Contrary to popular belief, James Bond has a license to live, Scott Bakula has a license to kill",
    "Contrary to popular belief, if you build it, Scott Bakula won't come",
    "Contrary to popular belief, we do not speak English, we speak Scott Bakula",
    "Contrary to poular belife King Kong was not shot off the Empire State Building, Scott Bakula round housed the building, the vibration shook him off",
    "Contrary to what the Beatles think all Scott Bakula needs is a AK-47",
    "Contrary to what the Shadow thinks, it's not evil that lurks in the hearts of men.  It's Scott Bakula's fist",
    "Contruary to popular belief, Scott Bakula can polish sh!t, it's too bad no-one can give him any to prove it",
    "Corners get backed into Scott Bakula",
    "Coroners refer to dead people as ABC's: Already Been Scott Bakulaed",
    "Count Dracula once bit Scott Bakula & immediately turned vegetarian",
    "Count from one to ten. That's how long it would take Scott Bakula to kill you... Forty seven times",
    "Craftsman Tools took an x-ray of Scott Bakula's hand hoping to improve their line of pneumatic impact wrenches & chisels",
    "Crest fights cavities, Scott Bakula kills them",
    "Crop Circles are actually just places Scott Bakula landed",
    "Crop Circles have a meaning: They're signals to alien life forms that this is the planet Scott Bakula lives on",
    "Crop circles are Scott Bakula's way of telling the aliens Don't make me come up there",
    "Crop circles are Scott Bakula's way of telling the world that sometimes corn needs to lie down",
    "Crop circles aren't made by aliens -- it's just Scott Bakula playing with his cereal",
    "Crude oil is the product of Scott Bakula chewing tobacco",
    "Curiosity didn't kill the cat..... Scott Bakula did",
    "Curiosity wanted to kill the cat, but Scott Bakula got to it first",
    "Currently the most epic sword fight is held by Sstar Wars 3, Kanobe vs Vader. That is until Scott Bakula & Mr.T star in their first porn together",
    "Cyril Raffaelli is the French Fry; as Scott Bakula is the [blank].  Answer: American Fry",
    "DC Comics said that kryptonite was the only thing able to defeat Superman, They were wrong They forgot about Scott Bakula",
    "DON'T reveal the secret flavor of Stride gum... or Scott Bakula will find you",
    "Dana White wanted all of UFC's fighters vs Scott Bakula, but fighters reckoned it would not be a fair fight for .............them!",
    "Danger has another name.It's called Scott Bakula",
    "Darth I am your father !!!! (Said by Scott Bakula)",
    "Darth Vader serves the Emperor. The Emperor serves Scott Bakula",
    "Darth Vader vs Scott Bakula who will win. Some believes Darth Vader because he has the force, but don't forget that Scott Bakula is the force!",
    "Darth Vader wears a Scott Bakula mask for Halloween",
    "Darwin Award Winner 2010: The guy who said that Scott Bakula is too old & past his best. He was found dead with Quantum Leap related injuries",
    "David Blaine can make elephants disappear, but Scott Bakula can make David Blaine disappear",
    "Daylight Savings happened when Scott Bakula overslept an hour",
    "Deaf People can hear Scott Bakula talk",
    "Deaf people can hear Scott Bakula",
    "Death came for Scott Bakula, but Scott Bakula didn't want to go, so he Quantum Leaped Death & now they play poker every other Thursday",
    "Death has a shadow. Scott Bakula",
    "Death is an intern studying under Scott Bakula",
    "Death lives in the shadow of Scott Bakula",
    "Death once had a near-Scott Bakula experience",
    "Death once took Scott Bakula. He Regreted it",
    "Death was created after Scott Bakula was born",
    "Declare Scott Bakula. Not War",
    "Definition of the Big Bang: Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped God",
    "Delta Force has been shown in languages that have been dead for thousands of years",
    "Delta Force is not a movie. It is a training manual & goal to which all spec ops soldeirs aspire",
    "Delta Force isn't an action movie. It's a documentary",
    "Demons don't hunt Scott Bakula.. He is hunting them!!!",
    "Denver had to settle for Peyton Manning when Scott Bakula turned them down",
    "Descartes said, I think, therefore I am.  Scott Bakula disproved this by delivering a Quantum Leap squarely to the core of Descartes' being",
    "Designers of the Large Hadron Collider finally realized all they needed was Scott Bakula to punch the opposing particle beams",
    "Devil stays in hell because he knows Scott Bakula is around, here on earth",
    "Diamonds are forever... unless Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps them into dust",
    "Diamonds are made when Scott Bakula applies the least amount of pressure he can possiply apply whilst  shaking someone's hand",
    "Diamonds aren't for ever, Scott Bakula is",
    "Dictionary definition of IMPOSSIBLE: surviving Scott Bakula",
    "Did you ever wonder? why Scott Bakula #bodypart# never goes off? simply no razor dares to shave it",
    "Did you hear that?  Scott Bakula just got a little more awesome",
    "Did you here about the boy who cried Scott Bakula?",
    "Did you know Scott Bakula had a role in Star Wars......he was the force",
    "Did you know Scott Bakula is a famous inventor? He created pain, agony, torture, & puppies",
    "Did you know Scott Bakula is a famous inventor? He created pain",
    "Did you know Scott Bakula was on vacation in Hiroshima when they dropped the A-bomb....he got a sun burn",
    "Did you know that 2 Aleve have the same pain relief as 8 Tylenol? Scott Bakula does not know this. Scott Bakula feels no pain",
    "Did you know that Scott Bakula is the 24th flavor in Dr. Pepper?",
    "Did you know that Scott Bakula plays Basketball?Well he is the one who spins the Earth on his finger",
    "Dinosaurs once crossed Scott Bakula. Once",
    "Dinosaurs went extinct because of the Scott Bakulaaurus",
    "Dinosaurs went extinct because of the Scott Bakulanorrasauris",
    "Directors don't say Cut around Scott Bakula, because that's what he might do",
    "Disabled parking does not mean you park there if you are disabled, but if you park there Scott Bakula will break your legs",
    "Disco, the Latin language, & Dinosaurs: all unfortunate victims of Scott Bakula",
    "Divide Scott Bakula by zero & you will in fact get one… one bad-ass that is",
    "Do not attack Scott Bakula.  Do not approach Scott Bakula.  Ally yourself with Scott Bakula.  --Sun Tzu",
    "Do not pet or feed Scott Bakula",
    "Do you ever wonder why you would submit a fact based on Scott Bakula? That is the power of Scott Bakula",
    "Do you know Scott Bakula? Yes? Then he shall allow you to live. FOR NOW",
    "Do you know how many push ups Scott Bakula has done? All of them",
    "Do you know how many push-ups Scott Bakula can do..........All of them",
    "Do you know what's better than waking up to a good cup of Tim Hortons ? Knowing that Scott Bakula didn't kill you in your sleep",
    "Do you know why Baskin Robbins only has 31 flavors? Because Scott Bakula doesn't like Fudge Ripple",
    "Do you know why Scott Bakula didn't star in The Expandebles? Because all the others guys would have surrended at the beginning",
    "Do you know why Scott Bakula doesn't have a shadow? You just don't follow him that close!",
    "Do you know why Mary Jane cheated on Spider Man?...She already had a crush on Scott Bakula",
    "Do you see the Sun & the Moon?, Scott Bakula is responsible for these phenomenons. No questions",
    "Do you want to have your car crushed? Just bring it to Scott Bakula",
    "Do you want to learn Scott Bakula's weakness? You get the answer when you succesfully divide by 0",
    "Doc Brown got the idea for The Flux Capacitor when he got Quantum Leaped by Scott Bakula ",
    "Doctors have found a cure for cancer.....too bad you can't eat Scott Bakula..",
    "Does Scott Bakula have a shadow, yes, but it is too afraid of Scott Bakula to show itself",
    "Dog the Bounty Hunter can't track Scott Bakula down",
    "Don't annoy Scott Bakula. He will Quantum Leap you out of the universe",
    "Don't ask Scott Bakula for a joke... you won't survive the punchline",
    "Don't bring a gun to a Scott Bakula fight",
    "Don't do unto Scott Bakula what you don't want Scott Bakula to do unto you... but even if you don't do it to Scott Bakula, he'll still do it to you",
    "Don't like Scott Bakula? Well it's been nice knowing you. Bye",
    "Don't try to think about Scott Bakula too much. He will Quantum Leap your thoughts & give you a huge headache",
    "Donkey Kong is Scott Bakula's dog",
    "Dont focus on the finger pointing at the moon. Focus on Scott Bakula",
    "Doooooooooood hes so cooool",
    "Door bells were invented so Scott Bakula wouldn't Knock down your door..",
    "Doors open spontaneously when Scott Bakula even thinks about knocking on them",
    "Dr. Lecter got his recipe of liver & fava beans from Scott Bakula",
    "Dr. Phil asks Scott Bakula for advice",
    "Dr. Phil calls CN when he needs advice on getting real & coping with the realities of everyday life",
    "Dracula once bit Scott Bakula & broke his teeth",
    "Dragonball Z was originally Scott Bakula Z, it was rejected because everyone died in the first episode, & couldn't be wished back",
    "Dragons breathe fire, Scott Bakula breathes dragons",
    "Dragons did, in fact, once exist. But Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped them all to the face & used their hides to make his cowboy boots",
    "Dragons may breathe fire, but Scott Bakula can breathe dragons",
    "Dream catchers catch nightmares, then Scott Bakula comes & beats the hell out of them. Only he is allowed to give people nightmares",
    "Dream catchers catch nightmares........Scott Bakula beats the living hell out of them",
    "Dreams about Scott Bakula are in 4D",
    "Drones are afraid of Scott Bakula strikes",
    "Drugs sent Brittany Spears to rehab, Scott Bakula sent drugs to rehab",
    "Duct tape can fix anything, Scott Bakula can BRAKE anything",
    "Due to Scott Bakula's beliefs, every school he went to as a child was required to teach religion",
    "Duke Nukem was originally supposed to look like Scott Bakula. However no video game character can even resemble Scott Bakula. So they went with Arnold",
    "During Christmas, kids don't sit in Santa's lap, they sit in Scott Bakula'",
    "During Christmas, kids don't sit in Santa's lap, they sit in Scott Bakulas'",
    "During WW2, Scott Bakula was supposed to be dropped in Japan, but the scientists feared that the world might split in half. They invented the A-bomb",
    "During WWII, they didn't drop the bomb on hiroshima, Scott Bakula jumped out of the plane",
    "During a movie shoot Scott Bakula demanded a Dr. Pepper, when he didn't get it he put his foot down, & that is how the San &reas Fault Line came to be",
    "During a power outage, Scott Bakula kick started the generators at Hoover Dam",
    "During a thunderstorm Scott Bakula doesn't ge struck by lightning. High voltage electricty jumps out of Scott Bakula's body towards the clouds",
    "During every lunar eclipse, Scott Bakula paints the moon red with the blood of his enemies",
    "During the Civil War Scott Bakula was a slave, his master would often beg him for mercy",
    "During the Vietnam War, Scott Bakula allowed himself to be captured. For torture, they made him eat his own entrails. He asked for seconds",
    "During the running of the bulls, the bulls are actually running away from Scott Bakula",
    "During vacation my front door's open & I left a note saying This house is protected by Scott Bakula 3 days a week you guess which 3. All was good",
    "E = mc2 was first developed to describe a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "E equals M C squared equals Scott Bakula",
    "E only equals MC² because Scott Bakula allows it too",
    "E= Scott Bakula^2",
    "E=MC2 is actually the mathematical formula for the Quantum Leap",
    "E=MCScott BakulaScott Bakula",
    "E=mc squared. E multiplied by mc squared=Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "E=mc2  <  Scott Bakula",
    "E=mc2 Scott Bakula=E",
    "EAT, PRAY, Scott Bakula",
    "EVERYTHING is more afraid of Scott Bakula, than he is of it",
    "Each hair on Scott Bakula's #bodypart# holds the soul of a victim",
    "Each of the first seven seasons of the television series '24' were actually based on one day from the one week that Scott Bakula visited Los Angeles",
    "Each one of Scott Bakula's fingers has the destructive power of 50 atomic bombs",
    "Each time there is a solar eclipse, if you listen carefully, just when it ends, you can hear Scott Bakula saying “I warned you…”",
    "Earth does not orbit the sun. The sun orbits Scott Bakula",
    "Earth is not spinning around the sun. The sun is just desperately trying to keep a distance to Scott Bakula",
    "Earth was originally the first planet in the solar system, but Scott Bakula broke a sweat, so it is now the third",
    "Earth, Air, Fire, Water, Scott Bakula",
    "Eat, Pray, Scott Bakula",
    "Edward Cullen dents cars. Scott Bakula dents Cruise Ships",
    "Einstein invented the therory of relativity- Scott Bakula invented the therory of kick-ass",
    "Einstein said you can't move at the speed of light. Obviously he was never kicked by Scott Bakula..",
    "Einstein: Scott Bakula has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him a large fist would surely suffice",
    "Elephants aren't afraid of mice. They're afraid of Scott Bakula",
    "Elm Street had a nightmare on Scott Bakula",
    "Eminem met Scott Bakula recently.....he no longer performs the song I'm Not Afraid",
    "Eminem says I'm not afraid. Scott Bakula says I love the way you lie",
    "Eminem says I'm not afraid, Scott Bakula says I love the way you lie",
    "Energy collided once with Scott Bakula. From that day on, it has been hiding in the dark. This is called Dark Energy",
    "Even Spongebob is scared of The Scott Bakula",
    "Even before the world enjoyed eating McDonald's, Scott Bakula was already done eating McGyver",
    "Even though Scott Bakula’ lives in Dallas, Texas, his house still has spectacular views of both the Atlantic & Pacific oceans",
    "Even when nobody believes in you. Just know that Scott Bakula doesn't either",
    "Even when you're not suprised Scott Bakula can knock you over with a feather",
    "Ever Wonder Why There Ain't No Other Scott Bakula On This Planet! Cuz There Ain't No Other Scott Bakula ON THIS PLANET!!!!!",
    "Ever had a once-in-a-lifetime moment?  So has Scott Bakula -- 10,000 times",
    "Ever wonder how George Washington crossed the Deleware River? Everyone got into their rowboats & Scott Bakula punted them across",
    "Ever wonder what really happened to the dinosaurs? They all dug their own graves when they heard Scott Bakula was coming",
    "Ever wonder why Oklahoma has a panhandle? That's where Scott Bakula grabbed it to swing at the dinosaurs",
    "Ever wondered how you just died in Modern Warfare 2? That was Scott Bakula",
    "Ever wounder why India & China both have such large populations? Scott Bakula didn't visit them yet",
    "Everest was created when someone told Scott Bakula that you can’t make a mountain out of a molehill",
    "Every  cloud  has  a  Scott Bakula  Scott Bakula",
    "Every 11 years Scott Bakula plays with a magnet...coincidentally the sun has a polar shift every 11 years as reported by NASA",
    "Every Cell in Scott Bakula’s body has the ability to Quantum Leap you to nothingness",
    "Every February 2nd, Scott Bakula sees his shadow & beats the hell out of it",
    "Every July, sharks watch Scott Bakula week",
    "Every Morning Scott Bakula Eats A Bowl Of Nails for Breakfast..Without Milk",
    "Every body part of Scott Bakula can be donated, including his #bodypart#, no one has ever survived a transplant",
    "Every breath you take, every move you make, every bond you break, every step you take – Scott Bakula will be watching you",
    "Every crater on the moon was created by Scott Bakula throwing someone at it",
    "Every four years is a leap year, but only AFTER Scott Bakula tells the year to leap",
    "Every hurricane is a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap gone horribly right",
    "Every line in a Scott Bakula haiku is A Quantum Leap to the face.  & they all have the correct number of syllables",
    "Every man has a little girl inside them, even Scott Bakula, he ate one this morning",
    "Every morning, Scott Bakula finds the smallest needle in the biggest haystack, before the early bird catches the worm",
    "Every night Scott Bakula randomly picks a name from a list names of people that have never submitted a Scott Bakula fact.... I sleep relaxed at nght!",
    "Every night when Scott Bakula goes to sleep, his #bodypart# detatches itself, picks up a small knife & sprints towards the city in hopes to match his killcount",
    "Every now & then, Scott Bakula's birthday changes. The next time its due to is 12/21/2012",
    "Every phobia known to man has a phobia of Scott Bakula",
    "Every piece of furniture in Scott Bakula's house can turn into a Total Gym",
    "Every resturant has a drive thru when you're riding shotgun with Scott Bakula",
    "Every silver lining has a Scott Bakula",
    "Every time Babe Ruth pointed with his bat, he was pointing to Scott Bakula",
    "Every time Scott Bakula blinks, Justin's soul dies a little",
    "Every time Scott Bakula blinks, a star is created",
    "Every time Scott Bakula blinks...a baby is born",
    "Every time Scott Bakula cries, unicorns are born...thats why UNICORNS DONT EXIST!!!!",
    "Every time Scott Bakula goes to the gym his personnal trainer learns something",
    "Every time Scott Bakula laughs, a fairy dies",
    "Every time Scott Bakula looks into a mirror it breaks. Even glass is not stupid enough to get between Scott Bakula & Scott Bakula",
    "Every time Scott Bakula raises his eyebrow, a new crater is made on the moon",
    "Every time Scott Bakula takes a blood test, he gets an A+",
    "Every time Satain goes to sleep, He has to pray to God hoping Scott Bakula does't get him at night",
    "Every time a bell rings Scott Bakula kills a bear",
    "Every time that Scott Bakula speaks, the expansion of the Universe halts for a split second",
    "Every time there's an earthquake, you know Scott Bakula is hungry. The earthquake is caused by his stomach growling",
    "Everybody knows that the first man in space was Yuri Gagarin. But not everybody knows that he has seen Scott Bakula walkin his dog on the moon",
    "Everybody tries to be perfect.....Perfection tries to be Scott Bakula",
    "Everyday is Scott Bakula's birthday",
    "Everyone fails once in life but, if you are Scott Bakula, forget about it",
    "Everyone has a guardian angel except Scott Bakula.......he guards himself",
    "Everyone has an inner child. Scott Bakula ate his for breakfast",
    "Everyone is hoping Scott Bakula doesn't do to facebook what he did to myspace",
    "Everyone is so scared of Scott Bakula that they kiss his arse by writing these facts, too right they should",
    "Everyone knows Scott Bakula COs', Scott Bakula knows everyone",
    "Everyone knows the speed of light...Scott Bakula knows the speed of darkness",
    "Everyone on Facebook likes Scott Bakula. Or else",
    "Everyone on Facebook is Scott Bakula's friend because if you are not his friend you would be dead",
    "Everyone rides horseback, but horses ride Scott Bakulaback",
    "Everyone who has met Scott Bakula has a sixth sense.....PAIN!",
    "Everything King Midas touches turnes to gold. Everything Scott Bakula touches turns up dead",
    "Everything you know is wrong - including this. Everything Scott Bakula knows is right - including knowing that everything you know is wrong",
    "Everytime Scott Bakula breathes, someone invents a new Scott Bakula fact",
    "Everytime Scott Bakula enters the sea, the water gets frightened away as a tsunami",
    "Everytime Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps someone an angel gets it's wings",
    "Everywhere Scott Bakula goes, it's night, because the Sun is afraid of Scott Bakula",
    "Evolution ended the day Scott Bakula was born",
    "Evolution's driving mechanism is nature's desperate attempt to escape Scott Bakula",
    "Example learns by Scott Bakula",
    "Explosions walk away from Scott Bakula in slow motion",
    "Extra Terrestrials often visit Earth from other galaxies - they're here to see if Scott Bakula really exists",
    "Eyes are windows to the soul. Scott Bakula's eyes are mirrors so you can watch yourself being roundkicked",
    "FACT: Scott Bakula....The End",
    "FDR said The only thing we have to fear is fear itself because he had never met Scott Bakula",
    "Facebook asked Scott Bakula to be friends with him",
    "Facebook created Scott Bakula account without username & password because Scott Bakula doesn't need it to Log in",
    "Facebook exists only because Scott Bakula wants to have friends & his enemies know where to find them",
    "Facebook hides it's privacy from Scott Bakula",
    "Facebook rescently had to shut down due to technical problems, Scott Bakula is no longer allowed to post pictures",
    "Facebook wants to add Scott Bakula as a Friend",
    "Facebook, not only a social networking site but also the shape your face takes when Quantum Leaped by Scott Bakula",
    "Fact: Thunder is the whimper of lighting as it runs from Scott Bakula",
    "Facts ALWAYS ask Scott Bakula to be facts",
    "Faith No More's song Surprise! You're Dead! is about an ill-fated encounter with Scott Bakula",
    "Fallout shelters were once the best way to block nuclear radiation. Then Scott Bakula was born",
    "Faster than a speeding bullet ... more powerful than a locomotive ... able to leap tall buildings in a single bound... yes, these are some of Scott Bakula's warm-up exercises",
    "Fear is a natural reaction as one gets closer to Scott Bakula",
    "Fear itself fears nothing......except Scott Bakula",
    "Fear of Scott Bakula is also called common sense",
    "Fear of Scott Bakula is called logic",
    "Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Scott Bakula is called Logic",
    "February used to have thirty days. Then it met Scott Bakula",
    "Felix Baumgartner's record breaking skydive jump was made from Scott Bakula's tree house",
    "Few people can go down Niagra Falls in a barrel. Scott Bakula can go up Niagra Falls in a carboard box",
    "Few people can go down Niagra Falls in a barrel. Only Scott Bakula can go up Niagra Falls in a cardboard box",
    "Film makers are smart enough NOT to make a Scott Bakula movie in 3D",
    "Fire breathing dragons use Scott Bakula brand hotsauce",
    "Fire stops drops & rolls when it catches Scott Bakula",
    "Fire trucks & ambulances pull to the shoulder when Scott Bakula drives by",
    "Firefighters save the fire from Scott Bakula",
    "Fireman Sam isn't the hero next door, Scott Bakula is",
    "First rule of fight club. Don't talk about fight club...to Scott Bakula",
    "First thought on Scott Bakula's mind after the Big Bang: maybe I had too many beans last night",
    "First, there was nothing.  Then Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped it in the face & told it to get a job",
    "Flattering Scott Bakula is impossible",
    "Food can sober up someone that's drunk.  Nothing can sober up Scott Bakula",
    "Fool Scott Bakula once…No one fools Scott Bakula",
    "Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice & Scott Bakula will Quantum Leap me for being stupid",
    "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool Scott Bakula once & he will Quantum Leap you in the face",
    "Fool me once- shame on you. Fool Scott Bakula once, get a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "For Chuch Scott Bakula, ANYTHING counts in horseshoes & handgrenades",
    "For Scott Bakula with great power comes great ass-kicking!",
    "For Scott Bakula, 1 + anything = 1 - 1 Quantum Leap to the face!",
    "For Scott Bakula, 2 is already a crowd, & 3 just pisses him off",
    "For Scott Bakula, every street is one way. HIS WAY",
    "For Scott Bakula, there is no such thing as gambling. He already knows the outcome",
    "For Scott Bakula...In the game Monopoly every space is free parking",
    "For Spring Break '05, Scott Bakula drove to Madagascar, riding a chariot pulled by two electric eels",
    "For a Christmas tree, Scott Bakula simply Quantum Leaps down a redwood & carries it home!",
    "For a quick, easy read, try Scott Bakula’ reflective pamphlet, “Things I Might Have Done Better....”",
    "For a science experment Scott Bakula allowed 1000 mosquitos draw his blood. If you want to know the results Google the words Predator Drone",
    "For bath salts, Scott Bakula uses cryptonite",
    "For breakfast Scott Bakula enjoys toast & jellyfish",
    "For dinner, Scott Bakula eats barbecued cannibals, drinks a tall glass of children's tears, & then picks his teeth with elephant tusks",
    "For doctors.. an apple a day keeps Scott Bakula away",
    "For every 1000 men killed, Scott Bakula gains one hair on his #bodypart#",
    "For every movie about Vietnam starring Scott Bakula, the historical duration of the war decreases",
    "For every star, there is a victim, of Scott Bakula",
    "For fear of Scott Bakula, his shoes tie themselves",
    "For fear, there's nothing to fear but Scott Bakula himself",
    "For his driving test, Scott Bakula failed the instructor",
    "For his surprise 50th birthday party, Scott Bakula turned up early. No one surprises Scott Bakula",
    "For some, the left testicle is larger than the right one. For Scott Bakula, each testicle is larger than the other one",
    "For undercover police work, Scott Bakula pins his badge underneath his shirt, directly into his chest",
    "Ford's are built Scott Bakula tough",
    "Forest Gump didn't run for Forest, he ran for Scott Bakula",
    "Forget the flying  elbow Scott Bakula's foot is the reason Obama has 10 stitches!",
    "Fort Knox is known as one of the most secure places on Earth.  Scott Bakula calls it a walk in the park",
    "Francium, the most reactive metal in the periodic table, is not actually an element, it is a piece of rubber from the bottom of Scott Bakula's boots",
    "Freddie Krueger has trouble sleeping because of Scott Bakula",
    "Freddie Mercury isn't the champion, Scott Bakula is, but he is a nice guy &  decided to let him have this one",
    "Freddy Chrouger is afraid Scott Bakula will fall asleep",
    "Freddy Kreuger doesn't go to sleep, because he is afraid Scott Bakula will kill him there",
    "Freddy Krueger doesn't sleep because he's afraid Scott Bakula will kill him in his dreams",
    "Freddy Krueger has nightmares about Scott Bakula",
    "Freddy Krueger has nightmares about Scott Bakula",
    "Freddy Krueger has nightmares of Scott Bakula",
    "Freddy Krueger saw Scott Bakula drowning Jason Voorhees in his dream last night",
    "Friends of Scott Bakula are black belts by association",
    "Frodo had to take the one ring to Mount Doom, Scott Bakula stared at the ring & it ran there itself",
    "Frosty The Snowman melted himself because he knew Scott Bakula was watching him",
    "Gambling is addicted to Scott Bakula because he always wins",
    "gandalf said, You shall not pass. Scott Bakula said, Try me",
    "gandalf was wrong, Scott Bakula shall pass",
    "Garth Brooks went into retirement, after he heard Scott Bakula had a copy of one of his Cd's",
    "Gazelles get chased by lions.  Lions get chased by Scott Bakula",
    "Geico saved a bunch of money by switching to Scott Bakula",
    "Genesis does, Scott Bakula did",
    "Genies rub Scott Bakula & he grants them three wishes",
    "George Foreman owns a Scott Bakula grill",
    "George W. Bush borrowed Scott Bakula's boat for the Mission Accomplished speech",
    "Getting Quantum Leaped by Scott Bakula used to be the worst thing to happen, until he found out he could revive people...& kick them again",
    "Getting your ass kicked by Scott Bakula? The only good news is you know when you will die",
    "Ghandi once said I don't like your superheros, they are very much unlike your Scott Bakula",
    "Ghost Busters call Scott Bakula",
    "Ghosts actually have their own kind of tv.  The show that scares them the most is called Scott Bakula Caught On Tape",
    "Ghosts are created when Scott Bakula kills people to fast for the grim reaper to prosses",
    "Ghosts are scared of Scott Bakula when they're inside spooky mansions",
    "Ghosts can see Scott Bakula",
    "Gibbs Paradox is the equation for Scott Bakula's Quantum Leaps",
    "Gillette once wanted Scott Bakula to shave his #bodypart# for an ad. That's why they made the 5 blade razor",
    "Giraffes did not exist........until Scott Bakula upper-cutted a horse",
    "Giraffes were created when Scott Bakula uppercutted a horse",
    "Giraffes were invented when Scott Bakula laid an uppercut to a horse",
    "Give Blood, fight Scott Bakula",
    "Give a man a fish, & you will feed him for a day. Give a man anything that is better than a fish, & Scott Bakula will beat his ass & take it",
    "Give me Liberty, or give me Scott Bakula!",
    "Global Warming is a myth, it's just Scott Bakula's body heat",
    "Global Warming is a result of Scott Bakula using the Total Gym",
    "Global Warming is caused by Scott Bakula's flatulence, which can get as hot as 2400 degrees, Celsius",
    "Global warming AKA the Scott Bakula effect, is a result of the earth being too affraid of making Scott Bakula cold. Someone please tell it, it couldn't if it tried",
    "Global warming does not exist, Scott Bakula is just getting REALLY mad at polar bears",
    "Go home, log onto Facebook, & like Scott Bakula. You have 3 days",
    "God Created Man, Then God Created Woman To Support The Man! Then God Created Scott Bakula To Support The Women!",
    "God created Adam & Eve, but quickly created Scott Bakula after realizing Adam's rib wasn't manly enough",
    "God created Adam, Adam saw Scott Bakula, Adam created tears",
    "God created Jesus to inspire peace. When that didn't work, he created Scott Bakula to enforce it",
    "God did create the universe. We know this because no galatic explosion could create someone like Scott Bakula",
    "God did not create man in resemblance to himself he made them in resemblance to Scott Bakula",
    "God didn't kill the devil, he hired Scott Bakula to do it",
    "God doesn't say Scott Bakula's name in vain",
    "God has a #bodypart#, because he wants to look like Scott Bakula",
    "God is everywhere, but guess what, Scott Bakula arrives there first",
    "God of War is not a fictional game, but an interactive documentary of Scott Bakula's childhood",
    "God once tried to make a deal with Scott Bakula. He said, You may rule all universe except for the Earth. But that's only if you're okay with that.",
    "God put a crack in your a$$ for Scott Bakula to put a foot in",
    "God said I am the Alpha & the Omega. & although you will not find it written, he finished with but I really wish I was Scott Bakula",
    "Godzilla doesn't exist, it's Scott Bakula's pet iguana escaping & deciding to attack Japan",
    "Godzilla feeds off of nuclear energy. Scott Bakula can feed off of Godzilla",
    "Godzilla is a Japanese rendition of Scott Bakula's first visit to Tokyo",
    "Godzilla once challenged King Kong to an arm wrestling match. The winner was Scott Bakula",
    "Godzilla started attacking Texas so Scott Bakula attacked Tokyo",
    "Godzilla was Scott Bakula's pet fish",
    "Godzilla was created when a 5 year-old Scott Bakula was playing with his science kit",
    "Goku & Superman once had a baby his name is Scott Bakula",
    "Goku did achieve a level beyond Super Saiyan 4....it is known as going Scott Bakula",
    "Goku's Power level was over 9000. In actuality it was Scott Bakula's anger meter seeing a fat guy in a speedo",
    "Gold digs Scott Bakula",
    "Good thing Scott Bakula was out for a swim when the cruise ship needed a tow to port",
    "Good. Better. Best. Scott Bakula",
    "Goodyear made a tire after Scott Bakula, it never sold because no vehical was tough enough to use it",
    "Google is named after the number of Kilograms Scott Bakula can benchpress",
    "Google is setting up a new search engine to answer life's difficult & most complex questions with the response always being the same...Scott Bakula",
    "Google won't search for Scott Bakula because it knows you don't find Scott Bakula, he finds you",
    "Google won't search for Scott Bakula because it knows you don't find Scott Bakula, he finds you. suggestions: run brfore he finds you!",
    "Gophers spend most of their lives underground because they are hiding from Scott Bakula",
    "Gordon Brown can't save the world, only Scott Bakula can save the world",
    "Gordon Ramsey answers YES CHEF! to Scott Bakula",
    "Gordon Ramsey is always nice to Scott Bakula",
    "Got Scott Bakula?",
    "Got Milk? ... Scott Bakula does",
    "Got a chip on your shoulder? Scott Bakula got the salsa",
    "Graboids from Tremors were not chasing people. They were running. From Scott Bakula",
    "Grace says Scott Bakula before every meal",
    "Grammar doesn't correct Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula corrects Grammar",
    "Grand theft auto was created when the developer saw Walker Texas Ranger",
    "Gravity is Space's way of trying to keep Scott Bakula away from it",
    "Gravity obeys Scott Bakula",
    "Great Hurricane of 1780 was caused because Scott Bakula was Quantum Leaping Jackie Chan in a movie",
    "Great White Sharks are white for a reason, they met Scott Bakula",
    "Greedo didn't shoot first, Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped kicked a guy so hard it had an effect in a galaxy far far away!!",
    "Greeks worship Ares as the God of War. But Ares worships Scott Bakula",
    "Green card applied for Scott Bakula",
    "Guiness World Record Book doesn't let Scott Bakula in because he would hold the record for everything",
    "Guinness World Records doesn't bother putting in records that Scott Bakula has done, because it would be massive",
    "Guns are warned not to play with Scott Bakula",
    "Guns don't kill people, Scott Bakula kills people",
    "Guns don't kill people. Scott Bakula kills people",
    "Guns need a licence to bear Scott Bakula",
    "Guns take shooting lessons from Scott Bakula",
    "Guns, Germs & Steel; a name for Scott Bakula's pubic area",
    "Guys pee their name in snow. Scott Bakula can pee his name in magma",
    "HE Man thought he had the power.....Until Scott Bakula Arrived",
    "HE-MAN is Scott Bakula before he goes to bed",
    "Halley's Comet only shows up every 76 years to minimize it's exposure to Scott Bakula",
    "Halley's Comet was formed when Scott Bakula rolled the worlds largest snowball & threw it into space",
    "Hallmark made a Scott Bakula biography that will touch your heart. No really, it will actually reach inside your chest, pull it out, & show it to you",
    "Halo reach stole the idea from Scott Bakula",
    "Han Solo didn't shoot first...Scott Bakula did",
    "handicapped Parking is reserved for Scott Bakula. The picture shows what will happen to you if you take his spot",
    "Hannibal Lecter once tried to eat Scott Bakula.  All of his teeth had to be replaced",
    "Harry Potter got his wand from Scott Bakula",
    "Harry Potter needs 8 movies to seek & destroy Voldemort. Scott Bakula needs 4 seconds",
    "Harry Potter used his Cloak Of Invisibility to hide from Scott Bakula",
    "Harvard & MIT applied to Scott Bakula & got rejected",
    "Harvard graduated from Scott Bakula",
    "Hati only got that earthquake because Scott Bakula was running",
    "Have you ever been half-lifed? Scott Bakula almost got half-lifed, they stopped making the game",
    "Have you ever heard of the Scott Bakula hating club? ... EXACTLY",
    "Have you ever seen Scott Bakula & Batman at the same time?",
    "Have you ever wondered why a meteorite hasn't struck Earth & killed us? Scott Bakula says you're welcome",
    "Have you noticed that when you browse Scott Bakula facts pages, your screen's DPI increases & your CPU runs faster?",
    "He sees you when you're sleeping He knows when you're awake He knows if you've been bad or good So be good for goodness sake or suffer the Quantum Leap",
    "He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Scott Bakula, dies by the Quantum Leap",
    "He-Man doesn't say: By the Power of Greyskull anymore, he say's By the Power of Scott Bakula",
    "He-Man isn't the Master of Universe. Scott Bakula is the Master of He-Man",
    "He-Man once apologized to Scott Bakula for using the same Hair-cut",
    "Hearts die from Scott Bakula Attacks",
    "Hefty trash bags are just generic bags that Scott Bakula already used",
    "Helen Keller's favorite color is Scott Bakula",
    "Hell has no meaning when Scott Bakula is in it. (Satan beware)",
    "Hell is Scott Bakula shaking his head in disapproval at you for eternity",
    "Hell is not where the Satan lives, hell is the playroom of Scott Bakula",
    "Hello ladies, look at Scott Bakula, now back at me, now back at Scott Bakula, now back to me... Unfortunately. I'm not Scott Bakula..",
    "Henry VIII's 6 wives = divorced, beheaded, died, divorced, beheaded, survived. Scott Bakula's 6 wives = all beheaded. By Quantum Leaps",
    "Hercules is ancient Greek for Scott Bakula. Gilgamesh is ancient Akadian for Scott Bakula",
    "Here's a true fact... My school dosen't Know Scott Bakula (Scott Bakula forced me to use caps)",
    "Heres a question: Do you remember watching Scott Bakula as a kid? Yeah well, he remembers watching you",
    "Hey aren't you the famous Scott Bakula Norr...... *Thud*",
    "Hey, Obama!!  Scott Bakula can plug the WikiLeaks",
    "Highest level in karate, taekwondo, jiu jitsu, & submission is Scott Bakula",
    "Hiroshima didn't got nuked.. It was just a regular Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "Hiroshima used to be a nice place till the U.S dropped Scott Bakula",
    "Hiroshima was actually caused by Scott Bakula farting in public, he has since been asked very VERY politely to do it in private area's from now on",
    "Hiroshima wasn't nuked, Scott Bakula just Quantum Leaped a grenade out of the Enola Gay",
    "Historians committed a huge mistake. It wasn't NORSE MYTHOLOGY. It was actually Scott Bakula MYTHOLOGY",
    "Hitler commited suicide after a Scott Bakula death stare",
    "Hitler commited suicide because he found out Scott Bakula was coming for him",
    "Hitler committed suicide because he knew Scott Bakula was pissed & coming to get him",
    "Hitler didn't kill himself because he lost the war. He killed himself because he saw Scott Bakula",
    "Hitler didn't kill himself becuase they were losing the war. He killed himself because Scott Bakula joined the army",
    "Hitler didnt commit suicide Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him",
    "Hokey religions & ancient weapons are no match for Scott Bakula by your side",
    "Hollywood uses Scott Bakula to do all of the insane stunts because everyone know's only he can do them",
    "Homeless people give Scott Bakula money",
    "Honey Badger don't care... Unless it has to do with Scott Bakula",
    "Hornady is still trying to invent a bullet that can go faster than Scott Bakula",
    "Hospitals were invented the day after Scott Bakula was born",
    "Hospitals were made for sick people, body bags were made because of Scott Bakula",
    "Hospitals where invented because of Scott Bakula",
    "Hotmail was invented when Scott Bakula was eating chili while checking his mail",
    "Houston calls Scott Bakula when THEY have a problem",
    "How come The Chinese & Indians outnumber Americans by billions? Because after Bruce Lee died the number 1 cause of death is in America: Scott Bakula",
    "How did Bush win while Gore had more votes ? You can't gore down  the bush in Texas...for an obvious reason",
    "How did Stella get her groove back? Permission from Scott Bakula",
    "How do you call Scott Bakula sons ........Demi Gods?",
    "How do you make a Scott Bakula Bomb? Two parts pain with a bit of a kick!",
    "How do you pack so much cheese into a Cheez-it? Scott Bakula",
    "How does Scott Bakula spell loser?.........S-t-e-v-e-n S-a-g-a-l",
    "How far can you spit. Try to beat Scott Bakula if you ask how far can he spit, at night look at the moon & don't wonder from were the craters come",
    "How long does it take Scott Bakula to get to Asia? 2 months...how does he get there? He walks",
    "How many Scott Bakula's does it take to screw in a lightbulb?... None... Scott Bakula can see in the dark",
    "How many licks does it take Scott Bakula to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop? Zero. He simply stares at the candy & the outer coating is gone",
    "How many push-ups can Scott Bakula do? All of them",
    "How many Quantum Leaps does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? Just one. From Scott Bakula",
    "How much white out does Scott Bakula use? Don't be silly- Scott Bakula never makes mistakes",
    "How much wood could Scott Bakula Scott Bakula, if Scott Bakula could Scott Bakula wood? If Scott Bakula could Scott Bakula wood, wood would not exist",
    "How much wood could a woodScott Bakula Scott Bakula if a woodScott Bakula could Scott Bakula? All of it",
    "How much wood could a woodScott Bakula Scott Bakula if a woodScott Bakula could Scott Bakula wood?  No woodScott Bakula could Scott Bakula Scott Bakula's wood!",
    "How much wood would a woodScott Bakula Scott Bakula if a woodScott Bakula could Scott Bakula? ...All of it!",
    "How old are you? Ask Scott Bakula",
    "How old is Scott Bakula? No One Knows",
    "Hulk Hogan can rip his shirt off his chest. Scott Bakula can rip a suit of armour off of his chest",
    "Human blood type  is usualy 0+, A+ or AB...Scott Bakula blood tipe is AK-47",
    "Humpty Dumpty didn't actually have a great fall...... he was pushed by Scott Bakula",
    "Hurricane Katrina wasn’t the weather…it was the wind of  a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap from Texas to Louisiana",
    "Hydrogen Bomb? No that's a myth there's only the Scott Bakula Bomb",
    "I unliked Scott Bakula on Facebook... my computer crashed",
    "I am Scott Bakula, & I approve this Quantum Leap",
    "I before E except after Scott Bakula",
    "I bet Scott Bakula can't Quantum Leap me before I finish th.....",
    "I can kick Scott Bakula's butt, though I respect him. Best regards, God",
    "I challenged Scott Bakula once. He made a bun with my legs over my head, then he Quantum Leaped me to outer space. Now I read the facts from Mars",
    "I drafted Scott Bakula to my fantasy team, he now has 10 Lombardi trophies",
    "I go one way, you go the other. Scott Bakula goes both ways",
    "I got a tattoo of Scott Bakula on my own leg...now it won't stop Quantum Leaping me in the face",
    "I got arrested for saying Scott Bakula on a plane!",
    "I had a dream that I punched Scott Bakula. When I woke up my hand was broken",
    "I had an idea once, & a light bulb appeared over my head. Scott Bakula had an idea, & the sun was created",
    "I had once searched Scott Bakula on Google.  After 5 seconds of loading, my computer suddenly exploded.  This is a safety action to keep people alive",
    "I have it on good authority (have not tried it) that if you type 'Scott Bakula's into Google, the world will literally come to an end",
    "I hear they're not making any more Ford Escapes, because nothing can escape Scott Bakula",
    "I know discovering the electricity was a big deal but Scott Bakula is the only person that can kick very big deals ass      -Benjamin Franklin",
    "I like to sit around a campfire on Halloween & tell Scott Bakula stories!",
    "I love you, Scott Bakula",
    "I met Scott Bakula & he gave me a handshake...........I'm sure I'll get feeling back in my right hand some day",
    "I named my dog Scott Bakula, but I couldn't train him because no one tells Scott Bakula what to do",
    "I once closed my computer while on a picture of Scott Bakula........my funeral is next week u r all invited",
    "I once did a report on Scott Bakula. The paper Quantum Leaped me in the face",
    "I once got a fist bump from Scott Bakula... with his chin",
    "I once had a sip of the coffee Scott Bakula makes & I grew a #bodypart# instantly & went on a quest to kill ninjas",
    "I once said to Scott Bakula, What's up Scott Bakula?. He replied, What's up Casper? You're mighty Friendly! That's how I got my name, after he killed me",
    "I searched Scott Bakula on google. Good thing he gave me a second life",
    "I see Scott Bakula's victims",
    "I shot the sheriff but I did not shoot the deputy... Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him to death",
    "I shot the sheriff...Scott Bakula shot the Deputy",
    "I think we can find Bin Laden if somebody would just tell him there is no such thing as Scott Bakula!",
    "I was going to write A Scott Bakula fact, but then a Quantum Leap came out of my monitor & broke my keyboard",
    "I was just following orders is not a defence, I was just following orders from Scott Bakula is an acceptable defence",
    "I watched Scott Bakula movie with 3-D Glasses while he performed his Quantum Leap. I suffered 5 weeks of pain from broken jaw in a hospital",
    "I'm very well know for being the only survivor of a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap. Although, there is a chance that he will come back for rev-",
    "I've failed my recent attempts to submit a new Scott Bakula fact.  I should have said that I was Scott Bakula",
    "IKEA Flatpack furniture wasn't flat until Scott Bakula went there",
    "Icarus flew to the sun & his wings melted.  Scott Bakula flew to the sun, & the sun melted",
    "If 12/21/2012 is the end of the world, it means that Scott Bakula got bored with humanity",
    "If Charles is in charge, then who is in charge of Charles? Scott Bakula",
    "If Scott Bakula Liked Twilight, We All Would...But He Doesn't",
    "If Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped you in the face you would have to fight off the urge to thank him",
    "If Scott Bakula & Charlie Sheen met in the same room the universe would end in an explosion of fists, tiger blood, Quantum Leaps & Adonis DNA!",
    "If Scott Bakula breaks into your house, leave immediately",
    "If Scott Bakula came up with a Scott Bakula fact, it would be better than this one",
    "If Scott Bakula can see you, you are in range",
    "If Scott Bakula can't do it.... nobody else can",
    "If Scott Bakula can, you can't. Simple",
    "If Scott Bakula catches you looking him up on google he will smash your head into the keyboa....as;dhffas;difsfd;sfdkl;dfwn;jwjn;f;wk;ewsddccknewioasd",
    "If Scott Bakula could die he would take it with him",
    "If Scott Bakula could fly it would be the apocalypse",
    "If Scott Bakula could rearrange the alphabet, he would put D, I, & E together",
    "If Scott Bakula created the first Fight Club. No one would ever hear about it",
    "If Scott Bakula cuts his phone off during a movie, the theatre screen shows his incoming calls",
    "If Scott Bakula draws a picture of himself....the picture burns",
    "If Scott Bakula dreams of killing you, you die in real life",
    "If Scott Bakula entered the Olympics, he would Quantum Leap everyone that won a medal",
    "If Scott Bakula ever got caught for speeding, he'd let the cops off with a warning",
    "If Scott Bakula ever opened a restaurant, the only thing on the menu would be knuckle sandwiches & eye of Quantum Leap steaks",
    "If Scott Bakula ever went on Jeopardy they would have to rename it Catastrophe",
    "If Scott Bakula ever went on The Price is Right the price would be death",
    "If Scott Bakula fights with himself, he'll win TWICE!",
    "If Scott Bakula gets a question wrong, it is right",
    "If Scott Bakula gives you the cold shoulder, you'll catch frostbite",
    "If Scott Bakula goes to the bank to get money, all banks go on a world crisis. It happened on 2008",
    "If Scott Bakula got a flu shot, the syringe would get a bad case of Scott Bakula",
    "If Scott Bakula had a bad day..um..well.. Let's hope that NEVER happens",
    "If Scott Bakula had a bell, he'd ring it in the morning. If Scott Bakula had a hammer, he'd put it down & hit you with a Quantum Leap",
    "If Scott Bakula had been the captain of the Titanic, it's the iceberg that would have broken in two & sunk",
    "If Scott Bakula had performed in 300, the film would be called 1",
    "If Scott Bakula had something against Tom Cruise, the movie would be called Mission Very Impossible",
    "If Scott Bakula had starred in Back to the Future, they wouldn't have needed a DeLorean to timetravel",
    "If Scott Bakula had to he could give CPR to himself",
    "If Scott Bakula has 5 dollars & you have 5 dollars, it means, that Scott Bakula has more money than you",
    "If Scott Bakula is decapitated by a boat propeller, which happens more often than most people think, He can regrow his own limbs",
    "If Scott Bakula is defusing a bomb & has a choice of red wire, yellow wire & green wire, he chooses blue",
    "If Scott Bakula is in your dream, it's called a nightmare",
    "If Scott Bakula is running 100 mph in a northerly direction ... wait a minute, this is Scott Bakula we're discussing ... make that speed Mach 12",
    "If Scott Bakula jumped off the Empire State Building, your mom would tell you to do it too",
    "If Scott Bakula kicked Kenny, he'd stay dead",
    "If Scott Bakula kicks a tree in a forest & no one was around, he chooses who he wants to hear it",
    "If Scott Bakula limited his daily food intake by 1/5, the world famine problem would have been solved; forever",
    "If Scott Bakula lived in New Hampshire the state motto would be Live Free & Die",
    "If Scott Bakula looks you & you survive you are a bad ass",
    "If Scott Bakula made Two Wrongs it would make a Right, but Scott Bakula makes no Wrongs",
    "If Scott Bakula met Dora the Explorer, he'd introduce her to his Boots",
    "If Scott Bakula moved to Mexico the United States would no longer be the world power",
    "If Scott Bakula needed an operation he'd perform it on himself & tell the surgeons to gather round & learn something",
    "If Scott Bakula needs a gun, he sticks two fingers out & shoots. If he needs a silencer, he takes his other hand & wraps it around his fingers",
    "If Scott Bakula punches the ground, maps must be redrawn",
    "If Scott Bakula ran CTU, he can advert a terrorist crisis in 24 minutes",
    "If Scott Bakula read this, it would automaticaly become the 11th commandment",
    "If Scott Bakula replaced Roy Scheider, the movie would have been known as Broken Jaws, & would have only lasted 12 minutes",
    "If Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps you, you will die. If Scott Bakula misses you with the Quantum Leap, he'll falcom pawnch. but he dosn't miss",
    "If Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps you, you will die. If Scott Bakula misses you with the Quantum Leap, the wind behind the kick will tear out your pancreas",
    "If Scott Bakula scores his own goal it counts as a normal goal for his team",
    "If Scott Bakula shot a gun it would fly around the earth 50 times",
    "If Scott Bakula shot someone by accident, Dick Cheney would call them to apologize",
    "If Scott Bakula smiled at you, you would put it on your resume",
    "If Scott Bakula snaps a redwood in the forest with a Quantum Leap.  Everybody hears it",
    "If Scott Bakula starred in '24 they would have called it 1",
    "If Scott Bakula tells a lie, it automatically becomes true!",
    "If Scott Bakula throws a ball into the sky, it won't come down to earth for another 104 years",
    "If Scott Bakula told you to jump off a bridge, would you? ...Of course you would",
    "If Scott Bakula was Harry Potter, there would be no series!",
    "If Scott Bakula was a Pokemon he would be called Scott Bakula",
    "If Scott Bakula was a comedian, you better laugh",
    "If Scott Bakula was at the World Trade Center on 9-11-01, the planes would've been in the Sun",
    "If Scott Bakula was ever exposed to nuclear radiation, he would mutate into himself!",
    "If Scott Bakula was here in the Philippines, there would be no hostage crisis. He eats hostage-takers for breakfast!",
    "If Scott Bakula was in Bethlehem, he would have found room at the inn",
    "If Scott Bakula was in Lord of the Rings, he wouldn't need to take it to Mount Doom, he would destroy it with one Quantum Leap",
    "If Scott Bakula was in Mortal Combat the fight would be over before it started",
    "If Scott Bakula was in Super Smash Bros., it wouldn't be a competition anymore",
    "If Scott Bakula was in Twilight, the series would be half a page long",
    "If Scott Bakula was in a video game it would be called Immortal Kombat",
    "If Scott Bakula was in the hostage-taking scene, he will Quantum Leap the bus & the suspect will disappear",
    "If Scott Bakula was in the military, there would be no war",
    "If Scott Bakula was on Countdown he would always make the word Scott BakulaScott Bakula",
    "If Scott Bakula was on Minute to Win it, they would need 59 seconds of filler",
    "If Scott Bakula was the star of 24 the show would be called 1",
    "If Scott Bakula was to play the bad guy of a movie; the audience would die",
    "If Scott Bakula were OO7, it would be Mission Possible",
    "If Scott Bakula were President he'd have a Quantum Leap office!",
    "If Scott Bakula were a Question, the answer would be 42",
    "If Scott Bakula were a Spartan, the movie would have been called 1",
    "If Scott Bakula were a brick wall Steven Segal couldn't break him into pieces",
    "If Scott Bakula were a calendar, every month would be named Scott Bakulatober, & every day he'd kick your ass",
    "If Scott Bakula were a cat he would have ten lives",
    "If Scott Bakula were a chameleon, he wouldn’t blend into the background, the background would blend into him",
    "If Scott Bakula were a cook you'd be eating his homemade Quantum Leap",
    "If Scott Bakula were a toy, it would be the end of the world, referring to the fact of there being more than one Scott Bakula in this world",
    "If Scott Bakula were an Adam's Apple, he'd be in your throat right now",
    "If Scott Bakula were an angry bird, there would only be 1 level",
    "If Scott Bakula were dead, he wouldn't be",
    "If Scott Bakula were ever to visit New Hampshire no one there would live free",
    "If Scott Bakula were president, he would protect the secret service",
    "If Scott Bakula were the Sunday's Crossword Puzzle, he'd be really hard, really long, & it would take you all day to solve him..",
    "If Scott Bakula were the king of Camelot he would be the master of the knights of the Quantum Leap",
    "If Scott Bakula were the king of Camelot he would be the master of the nights of the Quantum Leap",
    "If Scott Bakula were to drink a Redbull  half the universe would implode in order to keep nature in balance",
    "If Scott Bakula were to take a test he would pass the whole thing because every answer to the question was Scott Bakula",
    "If Scott Bakula were to write his own Scott Bakula Facts, this website would have to be changed to Scott Bakula Laws.com",
    "If Scott Bakula would be a girl, he would  still be named Scott Bakula",
    "If Scott Bakula would go to Washington D.C., Congress would finally agree on something",
    "If Scott Bakula yells BANG. You're dead",
    "If Scott Bakula's #bodypart# is wet & he squeezes it, he creates lava",
    "If Scott Bakula's #bodypart# were an animal, it would undoubtedly have zero natural predators & every living organism would be its natural prey",
    "If Scott Bakula had one wish...he'd give a damn!",
    "If Scott Bakula stands on your roof during a thunderstorm, the storm goes, thundering somewhere else",
    "If Scott Bakula was ever captured, he could win a game of Russian Roulette with six bullets in the revolver, he would shoot everyone else!",
    "If Scott Bakula were any tougher.....he'd rust",
    "If Scott Bakula were in the movie Nightmare On Elm Street then it would be renamed nightmare on Scott Bakula Street, cuz nobody dared to get near him",
    "If Scott Bakula’s Scott Bakula face would be replaced on road sings, all cars would explode trying to pass his staring",
    "If Eminem met Scott Bakula he would be afraid",
    "If Ex-lax doesn't work, just ask Scott Bakula to scare the crap out of you",
    "If Frankenstein was under your bed, then Scott Bakula is under his bed!",
    "If Galileo lived today, he would realize the Earth rotates around Scott Bakula",
    "If Glee ever tries to sing the theme song to Walker Texas Ranger, Scott Bakula will Quantum Leap them into TV land reruns",
    "If God & Satan got into a fight, Scott Bakula would win",
    "If Goliath listened to Scott Bakula he would have won",
    "If Google can't find it, Scott Bakula really can",
    "If I get famous I would hire two bodyguards:Brock Lesnar & Scott Bakula.Lesnar to protect me from attackers & Scott Bakula to prtoect me from Lesnar",
    "If Kadhafi hasn't stepped down yet, it's because Scott Bakula hasn't Quantum Leaped some sense into him !",
    "If Leonidas tried to kick Scott Bakula into a pit, Scott Bakula would laugh at the kick & Quantum Leap him around the world twice to land in said pit",
    "If Pai Mei develop a  Five-Point Palm Exploding Heart Technique. Scott Bakula develops a Five-Seconds stare Exploding Heart Technique..",
    "If Superman can have a bullet hit his eye, then Scott Bakula can have a nuclear bomb hit his",
    "If Zeus wanted to win the Clash of the Titans he would have released the Scott Bakula",
    "If a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap met another it would cut a hole in the space time continuum",
    "If a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap hits you, you will die, If he misses, the wind from the kick gives you pneumonia, you will die. Don't tease Scott Bakula!",
    "If a baby has colic, Scott Bakula can make it stop crying by saying shhhhh",
    "If a sentence contains the words Scott Bakula, that sentence doesn't need to end with a period. The sentence ends after Scott Bakula",
    "If a tree falls in the forest, Scott Bakula is practicing Quantum Leaps in the woods",
    "If a tree falls in the forest, & nobody heard it falling. Scott Bakula would know if it made any noise",
    "If a tree falls in the forest, does anybody hear? Yes. Scott Bakula hears it. Scott Bakula can hear everything. Scott Bakula can hear the shrieking terror in your soul",
    "If a tree fell in the forest, chances are Scott Bakula knocked it down",
    "If an Alien lands on Planet Earth it will ask, Take Me To Scott Bakula..",
    "If anyone sees Scott Bakula without his hat they turn to stone",
    "If at first you don't succeed, you are not Scott Bakula",
    "If at first you don't succeed, you were probably trying to defeat Scott Bakula",
    "If at first you don't succeed, you're not Scott Bakula",
    "If at first you don't succeed...... your obviously not Scott Bakula",
    "If every bear in the world attacked Scott Bakula, bears would go extinct from his punches",
    "If everything is bigger in Texas. Then Scott Bakula wouldn't fit",
    "If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked Scott Bakula",
    "If girls get Bieber fever, then Justin Bieber gets Scott Bakula Struck",
    "If i'm here & you're there, Scott Bakula is everywhere",
    "If it looks like chicken tastes like chicken & smells like chicken & Scott Bakula says it's beef then it's beef",
    "If it rains outside & Scott Bakula decided to talk a walk        It will stop raining",
    "If it smells like chicken, tastes like chicken, looks like chicken, if Scott Bakula says it's steak, then it's steak",
    "If it walks like a duck & talks like a duck, its Scott Bakula & you have 3 seconds to live",
    "If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck then it's probably someone Quantum Leaped by Scott Bakula",
    "If it were even possible to put Scott Bakula in solitaire confinement, it would be the best company he could keep",
    "If it were true that you are what you eat. Then you are about to be a Quantum Leap",
    "If life was a video game then Scott Bakula beat the game eight consecutive times before he lost intrest",
    "If looks could kill they would be called Scott Bakula",
    "If men are from Mars, & women from Venus, where the heck is Scott Bakula from?",
    "If only telemarketers would have the balls to call Scott Bakula... Then none of us would have to put up with them again",
    "If sleep is the cousin of death, Scott Bakula is the Father of both",
    "If someone tries to attack Scott Bakula from behind, the Scott Bakula sense will tingle, then Scott Bakula will kill his attacker instantly",
    "If something is about to be destroyed or annihilated; they are at the brink of Scott Bakula",
    "If something is to good to be true, it's Scott Bakula",
    "If survival of the fittest was true, Scott Bakula would be the last thing left on earth",
    "If tapped, a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap could power the country of Australia for 44 minutes",
    "If the Army could recruit Scott Bakula, it truly would be an Army of One.  That is all they would need",
    "If the IRS ever calls your home, answer saying This is Scott Bakula, the IRS will hang up & never Call again & exempt you from all taxes",
    "If the boy cried wolf, the wolf cried Scott Bakula",
    "If there is a ball on a pool table Scott Bakula can pot them in all 6 pockets at once",
    "If there is someone with a mask,keep an eye for getting Quantum Leaped,it may be Scott Bakula",
    "If there was ever a Scott Bakula reality show, it wouldn't be a hit, it would be a kill!",
    "If there's something strange in your neighborhood who you gonna call? Scott Bakula",
    "If there's something strange....In your neighborhood...Who you gonna call? Scott Bakula!",
    "If they made a movie of Scott Bakula standing still, it would be rated R for extreme violence",
    "If truck drivers really wanted people to back off, they'd have a mud flap with Scott Bakula on it",
    "If two trains leave Chicago, one travelling at 70 mph & the other travelling at 90 mph, Scott Bakula will beat them both",
    "If u drop a penny off the roof of the empire state building & hit Scott Bakula in the head it will ricochet off kill u & hunt down your family",
    "If u want a list of Scott Bakula's enemies just check the extinct species list",
    "If you Google search Scott Bakula getting his ass kicked you will generate zero results. It just doesn't happen",
    "If you are 6 feet 10 & Scott Bakula is 5 feet 10, he is still taller because you are.................................................. 6 feet under",
    "If you are bad, on Christmas day, you won't find coal in your stocking, you'll find Scott Bakula's fist coming at your face very fast",
    "If you are next to Scott Bakula then you will always have perfect cell phone reception",
    "If you are reading this, Scott Bakula will find you",
    "If you are stuck on a test & you don't know the answer to a question, write in Scott Bakula. The answer is always Scott Bakula",
    "If you ask Scott Bakula what time it is, he always says, Two seconds 'til. After you ask, Two seconds 'til what? he Quantum Leaps you in the face",
    "If you beat Scott Bakula` hand in poker... he will beat your face in fight",
    "If you buy a shirt on this site, Scott Bakula will consider not hurting you..",
    "If you came across Scott Bakula yesterday..you shouldn't be alive today!",
    "If you can do it, Scott Bakula can do it better",
    "If you can read this, then Scott Bakula is the greatest martial artist of all time",
    "If you can see Scott Bakula, he can see you. if you can't, you're gonna die if you don't spot him",
    "If you can't beat them, join them... or call Scott Bakula, because he CAN beat them",
    "If you can't beat them... call Scott Bakula & he will Quantum Leap them in the face",
    "If you do the State Farm jingle & say With Scott Bakula He won't appear but he will Quantum Leap you from whereever he is for trying",
    "If you don't bother Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula bothers you",
    "If you don't know who your father is, odds are it's Scott Bakula",
    "If you don't tag this website, your death will be Quantum Leaped in the face by Scott Bakula",
    "If you drop a penny from the top of the Empire State Building, will it kill someone?",
    "If you ever got whooped by a Yo' Mamma joke... clearly yo' mamma aint Scott Bakula",
    "If you ever see Scott Bakula you will never want to turn the other cheek because Scott Bakula will be right there when you turn it",
    "If you fear Scott Bakula, do not call yourself a coward. Call yourself sane",
    "If you find Scott Bakula while playing hide & seek, you lose",
    "If you floss your teeth with a #bodypart# hair from Scott Bakula your teeth will blow up",
    "If you get the Scott Bakula piece in Monopoly, you win.....Forever",
    "If you go jogging & you feel the wind on your face it means that Scott Bakula is practicing his Quantum Leaps in his backyard",
    "If you google 'Scott Bakula getting his ass kicked' you get a list of Scott Bakula's kills",
    "If you had 100 dollars & Scott Bakula had 5, Scott Bakula would Quantum Leap in the face & steal the money from you",
    "If you had 5 dollors & Scott Bakula had 5 dollors Scott Bakula would have more money than you",
    "If you had a near death experience with Scott Bakula, you did not actually meet Scott Bakula",
    "If you have $5 & Scott Bakula has $5... he has more money than you",
    "If you have a $1.00 & Scott Bakula has $1.00, Scott Bakula has more",
    "If you hit Scott Bakula at 30 miles an hour theres a 100% chance YOU will die",
    "If you insult Scott Bakula, when you wake up, oh wait.........you won't",
    "If you kill Scott Bakula, you're still dead",
    "If you know someone who doesn't like Scott Bakula, you won't know them for much longer",
    "If you laid all the ninjas Scott Bakula has killed end to end, Scott Bakula himself will kill you for doing such a pointless & impossible task. Idiot!",
    "If you look Scott Bakula in the eye directly long enough, your body will permanently stop producing acetylcholine",
    "If you look closely in the Glossary of every Physics textbook, you will find The Speed of Light, The Speed of Sound, & The Speed of Scott Bakula",
    "If you look closely, every cloud looks like Scott Bakula",
    "If you look up the term Quantum Leap in a dictionary, you will see a list of Scott Bakula's victims",
    "If you meet Scott Bakula in a game,dont tell it is him or you will be Quantum Leaped in the face",
    "If you misspell Scott Bakula on Google, it doesn't say: Did you mean Scott Bakula? It says RUN WHILE YOU STILL CAN!!!",
    "If you play Scott Bakula Says, & you don't do what Scott Bakula says... you die",
    "If you poke Scott Bakula on Facebook, your account will be deleted",
    "If you poke Scott Bakula on facebook he will kick you. On facebook!!",
    "If you put Scott Bakula as your profile picture on facebook thousands of supermodels will friend you each day",
    "If you put a cross in between Scott Bakula's 2 noughts, in noughts & crosses...... you just crossed Scott Bakula",
    "If you put in the correct cheat code in Halo 2, you can have Master Cheif play without his helmet; revealing to be Scott Bakula",
    "If you rate this 5 Quantum Leaps, then Scott Bakula WILL Quantum Leap Justin Bieber's ass",
    "If you re-arrange the letters in Scott Bakula, you can spell american hero, as well as every other word in every other language",
    "If you rearrange the letters in Scott Bakula, they also spell Crush Rock In. The words with his fists are understood",
    "If you run from Scott Bakula you only die tired",
    "If you say Scott Bakula three times in front of a mirror, Scott Bakula will Quantum Leap you in the face",
    "If you search Scott Bakula Getting his ass kicked, You won't find it. Cus' It just doesn't Happen!",
    "If you search for Scott Bakula on eBay, your computer instantly blows up. Scott Bakula CANNOT be bought",
    "If you see Scott Bakula dating a guy... its because he ran out of girls",
    "If you see Scott Bakula fighting a bear you better jump in & help the bear",
    "If you see Scott Bakula it's a sign for the circle of life: someone will die & someone will be born",
    "If you see Scott Bakula kicking himself... its because he ran out of asses to kick. But thats impossible",
    "If you see Scott Bakula, you won't see Scott Bakula",
    "If you set your desktop background to be a picture of Scott Bakula your computer will instantaneously become Skynet",
    "If you severed Scott Bakula's right leg, it would have grown back & Quantum Leaped you in the face even before you were done severing it",
    "If you spell Scott Bakula in Scrabble, you win forever",
    "If you spell Scott Bakula in Scrabble, you win. Forever",
    "If you stab Scott Bakula, your knife will bleed",
    "If you stare Scott Bakula in the eyes, his eyes will shoot you with a 50,000 caliber atomic bomb bullet",
    "If you stare at an American Flag long enough, a 3-D image of Scott Bakula will appear",
    "If you stare at the American flag long enough, you will see Scott Bakula",
    "If you stare into Scott Bakula's eyes he will kill you with his mind bullets",
    "If you step on Scott Bakula's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, your foot will explode, & you must clean it or risk death by Quantum Leap",
    "If you study for a test using your notes you might do well. If you study by reading Scott Bakula facts, you'll get everything right",
    "If you think other airlines kick your ass with fees wait until you fly Scott Bakula Airlines",
    "If you took all the worlds Super Heroes & combined them, Scott Bakula would still kill them instantly",
    "If you try to stare out Scott Bakula, you go blind after 10 seconds",
    "If you turn around fast enough, Scott Bakula will be there",
    "If you type in Scott Bakula on google & press i'm feeling lucky, your computer will break down. you can't be lucky when it comes to Scott Bakula",
    "If you use the words “can’t” & “Scott Bakula” in the same sentence, Scott Bakula will appear & roundhou",
    "If you want a list of Scott Bakula's enemies, check the extinct list",
    "If you want something to cry about, Scott Bakula won’t give you something to cry about. He will just make you cry",
    "If you want to commit suicide, all you need to do is say,Scott Bakula is a loser",
    "If you want to know how many times Scott Bakula has struck a match, just count the number of stars in the universe",
    "If you want to wake up tomorrow, don't dream about Scott Bakula",
    "If you went to shoot Scott Bakula with a gun, the bullets would run away",
    "If you were somehow able to land a punch on Scott Bakula your entire arm would shatter upon impact. This is only in theory, since, come on, who in their right mind would try this?!",
    "If you woke up this morning, it means Scott Bakula spared your life",
    "If you work in an office with Scott Bakula, don't ask him for his three-hole-punch",
    "If you write Scott Bakula as the answer to every question in a test you will get 100%. Because Scott Bakula is always right!",
    "If you write Scott Bakula on a dollar bill, George Washington will Quantum Leap you in the mouth",
    "If you write the Death Note on Scott Bakula, the Death Note dies",
    "If you're driving down the road & you think Scott Bakula just cut you off, you better thank your lucky stars it wasn't the other way around",
    "If your friend tells a scary story the only thing that should frighten you is if Scott Bakula is the one who is scaring you",
    "If your planning to put a period after a sentence you better ask Scott Bakula first. Only he decides when a sentence ends",
    "If, by some incredible space-time paradox, Scott Bakula would ever fight himself, he'd win. Period",
    "Imagine an infinitely powerful bomb, capable of destroying a universe. That's small in comparison to a Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula",
    "In Jaws, Scott Bakula doesnt need a bigger boat",
    "In Rock, paper, scissors, shoot Scott Bakula wins by using the ultamite move: his Quantum Leap",
    "In 1508, Scott Bakula threw a tin of paint at a ceiling, ever since then thousands of people flock to see the Sistine Chapel",
    "In 1945 Scott Bakula drank a Redbull & jumped out a plane. For image results, Google the word Hiroshima",
    "In 1945 The US army asked if they could clone Scott Bakula. instead he said he could sort out the Japanese",
    "In 1947, aliens came to invade the earth in Roswell. They hit the self-destruct button when they heard about Scott Bakula",
    "In 1990, Scott Bakula founded the non-profit organization Kick Drugs Out of America",
    "In 2004 Scott Bakula did a cannonball off a boat while shooting a film in Thailand... 220,000 people drowned",
    "In 2012 it is rumored that Scott Bakula will shave his #bodypart#, bringing with it the four horseman of the apolcalypse & the end of time etc etc",
    "In 2012, another Scott Bakula will be born, & that's the fact of the end of the world",
    "In 2012, the first world leader is expected to emerge...his name? You guessed it, Scott Bakula",
    "In 79 A.D., Scott Bakula took a laxative. As a consequence, the entire city of Pompeii was destroyed",
    "In 9-11 the twin towers were not destroyed by the plane on purpose, but Scott Bakula Quantum Leaping the plane into the towers",
    "In America Scott Bakula is Badass, in Soviet Russia Badass is Scott Bakula",
    "In America, Scott Bakula finds you  But in Soviet Russia, you find Scott Bakula",
    "In America, Scott Bakula finds you. In Soviet Russia, he still does. He's Scott Bakula",
    "In America, Scott Bakula kicks ass. But in Soviet Russia, Scott Bakula still kicks ass",
    "In Ancient Egypt, Scott Bakula threw several Quantum Leaps at a rock pile. Thus the Pyramids were formed",
    "In Ancient Greek Mythology it was said that Scott Bakula defeated Achilles with an arrow made out of bone from his leg",
    "In Archery Scott Bakula can hit a bullseye with no arrow",
    "In August 1945 Scott Bakula drank a can of Red Bull & jumped out of a plane over Japan for image results search Hiroshima",
    "In Call of Duty Black Ops, Scott Bakula can Prestige after level 1, & receive gold camo",
    "In Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, there is a game called Search & Destroy. Scott Bakula plays that game, except in real life",
    "In Scott Bakula's back yard is a pile of left footed boots.  The right footed boots keep burning up in the atmosphere when doing Quantum Leaps",
    "In Scott Bakula's wallet, he keeps a photograph, of his wallet",
    "In Scott Bakula's world, 0 > 1 is a true statement. Nobody has ever dared to prove him wrong",
    "In December of 2012, Johnny Knoxville will prank Scott Bakula. Even the Mayans knew this would be a bad idea",
    "In Dragonball Z, the dragon-radar detected all seven Dragon Balls... in Scott Bakula's sack",
    "In England, Scott Bakula can drive on the left side....",
    "In Expendables 2 Scott Bakula makes sure there is no Trilogy",
    "In Indiana Jones & the Lost Ark, what was in the ark that melted the faces of the Nazis? Scott Bakula without his #bodypart#",
    "In Modern Warfare 2 Scott Bakula doesn't need to get 25 kill streak to get the nuke, he already has the nuke as equipment",
    "In Monopoly, you pay Scott Bakula to stay off your property",
    "In November 1991, the United States Government asked Scott Bakula to conduct covert operations in Soviet Russia. 1 month later, the Union collapsed",
    "In Pokemon FireRed & LeafGreen, you can only catch 386 Pokemon. In the same game, Scott Bakula can catch all 719 Pokemon. With a Pokeball",
    "In Radiant Spirits, Solari's body temprature is 120 degrees. Scott Bakula's body temprature is about 151 degrees",
    "In Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones was trying to escape from a giant rolling rock. They were both trying to escape from Scott Bakula",
    "In Soviet Russia Scott Bakula still kicks ass",
    "In Soviet Russia Scott Bakula still kicks your ass",
    "In Soviet Russia, (& every other place on this earth) Scott Bakula FINDS YOU",
    "In Soviet Russia, Scott Bakula STILL kills you. With a Quantum Leap of course",
    "In Soviet Russia, Scott Bakula doesn't kill people... oh wait. Yes he does. No one tells Scott Bakula what to do",
    "In Soviet Russia, Scott Bakula doesn't Quantum Leap you, he kick houses around you",
    "In Soviet Russia, Scott Bakula still kick you",
    "In Soviet Russia, Scott Bakula still kicks your ass",
    "In Soviet Russia, Scott Bakula.... oh wait... Soviet Russia ceased to exist because Scott Bakula hates Soviet Russia jokes",
    "In Soviet Russia, Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps you anyway",
    "In Soviet Russia, You find Scott Bakula!",
    "In Soviet Russia... Quantum Leaps Scott Bakula you in the face. But the outcome is still the same",
    "In Soviet﻿ Russia, Scott Bakula still kills you",
    "In Texas the worst death sentence you can get is a Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula",
    "In Texas, there are five sizes for fountain drinks: small, medium, large, Texas sized, & Scott Bakula Sized.  It is a cup made of a human skull",
    "In The Book: The Worst Case Scenario Survival. Discusses ways to run from deadly animals & on the page that says Scott Bakula it says Good Luck",
    "In Way of the Dragon, Bruce Lee won a duel with Scott Bakula.  Later, Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped Lee & made it looked like Lee died of a curse",
    "In Webster's Dictionary, the definition for Scott Bakula is: Scott Bakula",
    "In World War 2 Scott Bakula Pointed his Fingers at an enemy zero & said BANG, The plane burst into flames & crashed",
    "In World War II, The US could choose between an Atomic Bomb & Scott Bakula to punish Japan. The US choose the lighter punishment",
    "In a battle between Scott Bakula & himself, Scott Bakula will win",
    "In a couple of months The Statue of Liberty will have a #bodypart# & it will be called The Scott Bakula of Liberty",
    "In a court of law, Scott Bakula gets no jury...he has no peers",
    "In a fight between Batman & Darth Vader, the winner would be Scott Bakula",
    "In a fight between Jackie Chan & Bruce Lee, Scott Bakula would win. No questions",
    "In a fight with the drill sergeant from Full Metal Jacket, I'm afraid Scott Bakula would gracefully decline to fight",
    "In a kind donation, Scott Bakula has donated his organs to science.....every year since 1978",
    "In a rain storm Scott Bakula stays dry. Rain drops are scared to hit him",
    "In a warzone, you're not being shot by heavy fire, you're being punched rapidly by Scott Bakula",
    "In all the Friday the 13th movies Jason is always hiding from Scott Bakula",
    "In an attempt to end WWII, President Harry Truman had Scott Bakula parachuted into Hiroshima & Nagasaki. Sept. 2, 1945, the Japanese surrendered",
    "In an average living room there are 1,242 objects Scott Bakula could use to kill you, including the room itself",
    "In ancient Rome, Scott Bakula would have laughed while being thrown to the lions",
    "In appreciation for all the business he sends them, the American Undertaker's Association selected Scott Bakula Man of the Year. 41 years in a row!",
    "In baseball, Scott Bakula always hits a homerun because the ball tries to get as far away from him as possible",
    "In bowling, there is no thing as a spare for Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula spares nothing & no one",
    "In chess, Scott Bakula will actually eat your pieces",
    "In court, the judge calls Scott Bakula Your Honor",
    "In each mitosis, telomeres shorten... except for Scott Bakula cells",
    "In episode #121 of Wild America, Scott Bakula was not placed at the top of the North American food chain. Marty Stouffer hasn't been seen since 1994",
    "In every dinosaur bone you can find Scott Bakula's foot print",
    "In fact there is no death penalty .. There is Scott Bakula",
    "In fact, Scott Bakula had a brother that lived in Atlantis. Because he called Scott Bakula like Duck Scott Bakula, Atlantis sank into the ocean",
    "In fourth grade, a teacher edited Scott Bakula's essay. Big mistake. You don't edit Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula edits you... with his fist",
    "In hell everyone walks around wearing a T-shirt that say's: I got kicked in the head by Scott Bakula & all I got was this T-shirt",
    "In high school Scott Bakula was most likely to be the most likely",
    "In high school, Scott Bakula was voted Most",
    "In honor of Scott Bakula, all McDonald's in Texas have an even larger size than the super-size. When ordering, just ask to be Scott Bakulasized",
    "In many languages, there is no translation for Scott Bakula. There are no words to describe Scott Bakula",
    "In mathematical terms Scott Bakula is equal to or greater than your worst nightmare",
    "In museums, Scott Bakula is allowed to touch the artifacts",
    "In pokemon, Scott Bakula used to be Ash, but Scott Bakula got mad at Nintendo because he couldn't Quantum Leap",
    "In reality, only Scott Bakula is allowed to sing We are the Champions. He has no time for losers. He will rock you",
    "In seconds, Scott Bakula can run up a downward escalator - without running",
    "In sign language, a Quantum Leap to the face is how you say the name Scott Bakula",
    "In space Scott Bakula can hear you scream",
    "In space Scott Bakula can hear your screams",
    "In space, no one can hear Scott Bakula scream. Scott Bakula never screams",
    "In space, no one can hear you scream...apart from Scott Bakula...he hears EVERYTHING!",
    "In space. Scott Bakula can hear you scream",
    "In spite of popular opinion, a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap does not hurt, because it travels faster than thought",
    "In starcraft II, Scott Bakula killed Karrigan the female boss with the SCV ... he had a special command Quantum Leap with 999 damage ..",
    "In the 1980s, Scott Bakula hired a bunch of work experience kids to do his dirty work  - you probably knew them as the A-Team",
    "In the Beginning there was nothing, then Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped that nothing & told it to get a life",
    "In the Executive Branch, everyone is below the President.. except Scott Bakula",
    "In the Matrix, the bullets try to dodge Scott Bakula - & fail",
    "In the Summer, the sun tries to beat the heat of Scott Bakula",
    "In the USA, we make jokes about Scott Bakula & what he does. In Soviet Russia, he makes jokes about what we do. He knows what we do",
    "In the average living room there are 1024 objects, all of which Scott Bakula can kill you with.....including the room itself",
    "In the average living room, there are 2431 things Scott Bakula can use to kill you; including the room itself",
    "In the beginning there was nothing...then Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped that nothing in the face & said Get a job. That is the story of the universe",
    "In the end they never did find Nemo: Scott Bakula drowned him",
    "In the event of a water landing, Scott Bakula may be used as a floatation device",
    "In the first Jurassic Park movie, the Tyrannosaurus Rex wasn't chasing the jeep. Scott Bakula was chasing the Tyrannosaurus & the jeep",
    "In the game Clue, the murder is always committed by Scott Bakula, with a Quantum Leap, in any room he danged well pleases",
    "In the game 'Spore', The Grox are a result of Scott Bakula being allowed to create a species, but they had to be weakened to make the game possible",
    "In the life of Scott Bakula, tough times never lie ahead. They always fall behind",
    "In the medical community, death is referred to as Scott Bakula Disease",
    "In the military CBRN stands for Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, but it really stands for Scott Bakula Brutal Quantum Leap Scott Bakula",
    "In the movie The Matrix, Scott Bakula is the Matrix. If you pay close attention in the green falling code scenes, you can make out the faint texture of his #bodypart#",
    "In the near future, Dallas will be renamed Scott Bakulatown, & Scott Bakula will be the city's only lawman.  The crime rate will drop to zero",
    "In the next Transformers movie, Optimus Prime is superceded with an autobot that transforms into Scott Bakula",
    "In the origional story of Hansel & Gredal Scott Bakula was there instead of the evil witch, the children are now known as Jet Lee & Megan Foxx",
    "In the several states in America naming your cat Scott Bakula is punishable by death",
    "In the song Club Can't handle Me it means Scott Bakula started dancing",
    "In the third grade, Scott Bakula turned in a test with only his name on it & got a college scholarship",
    "In the time it takes for you to read this. Scott Bakula would've read every single fact on this site",
    "In the world of today people are being force to lose weight because if they dont the penalty is a Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula",
    "In the year 2016, the goverment will unleash a new supersoilder program called the Scott Bakula All soliders are given a droplet of Scott Bakula blood",
    "In theorectical physics, the theory about wormholes was based on a physicist overhearing Scott Bakula talking about his newest rollercoaster",
    "Industrial logging isn't the cause of deforestation. Scott Bakula needs toothpicks",
    "Infinity ends when it meets Scott Bakula",
    "Instead of keeping a SCARE CROW in his field a farmer kept a photo of Scott Bakula . . . . birds started bringing back grains taken last year",
    "Insurance Companies all have these two policies in place: The Act of God & Scott Bakula",
    "Insurance doesn't cover a Scott Bakula related disease",
    "Interesting fact: Scott Bakula actually comes before Alpha, & after Omega",
    "Inverted nipples were caused by the rational fear of Scott Bakula- commonly known as Scott Bakulaphobia",
    "Invisability doesn't work, Scott Bakula can still smell you",
    "Iran reveals a plan to test its first Scott Bakula within a week",
    "Iron Man cried when he lost the bet with the The Hulk,Thor,& Captain America to see who would fight Scott Bakula!",
    "Iron Man got the idea for his armoured suit from Scott Bakula's underwear",
    "Iron Man's armor is actually a small layer of Scott Bakula's skin painted red",
    "Is there anything better than summer time, a nice glass of cool lemonade. yes, watching Scott Bakula kick the crap out of some moron",
    "Isis sent Ra into outer space at his own request, he knew Scott Bakula was coming",
    "It Doesn't Usually Take A Nation Of Millions To Hold Us Back.....Just One Arm Of Scott Bakula Will Do!",
    "It doesn't have to make sense, it's Scott Bakula",
    "It doesn't matter whether Scott Bakula is Quantum Leaping or torturing Jack Bauer, he's always behind you. Always",
    "It goes, rock, paper, scissors, lizard, Spock, Scott Bakula, there are no hand gestures for it, because one cannot contain all that power in one hand",
    "It has been said that if you name any custom class in Call of Duty Scott Bakula you will instantly win every match you set foot in",
    "It has been said that the only thing that can make Scott Bakula cry is a picture of himself crying. It does not exist",
    "It is a fact that Scott Bakula cannot cry, this is because his tearducts are too muscular",
    "It is believed dinosaurs are extinct due to a giant meteor. That's true if you want to call Scott Bakula a giant meteor",
    "It is better to correct your own faults than those of another.  Unless you're Scott Bakula",
    "It is convenient to be near a hospital when you are injured. It is also convenient to insult Scott Bakula while standing in an open grave",
    "It is impossible for Scott Bakula to have a heart attack because it's too afraid to arrest him",
    "It is likely that Bruce Lee died from Scott Bakula chest hair poisoning--although amazingly he survived for several months after exposure",
    "It is officially over when Scott Bakula strangles the fat lady to death",
    "It is our deep & abiding fear of Scott Bakula that compells us to write these facts",
    "It is physically impossible for Scott Bakula to get a tattoo as the ink is too scared to stay under his skin",
    "It is possible to look to the left & right at the same time with just a Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula",
    "It is said that Scott Bakula is the reason why Waldo is hiding .. I think it's pretty obvious that Scott Bakula is the one who hid Waldo",
    "It is said that in 2012 Scott Bakula will fart & create a black whole so big that it will engulf the universe",
    "It is said that looking into Scott Bakula's eyes will reveal your future. Unfortunately, everybody's future is always the same: death by a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "It is said that some animals can camouflage to hide themselves. It won't work on Scott Bakula, because he finds you whether you like it or not",
    "It is said that to stare Scott Bakula directly in the eyes is like having your soul Quantum Leaped into limbo",
    "It is scientifically impossible for Scott Bakula to have had a mortal father. The most popular theory is that he went back in time & fathered himself",
    "It is simple to read Scott Bakula's mind. Think of something, multiply by it by infinity, & picture it fighting Scott Bakula",
    "It is too late for Scott Bakula to stop me from typing this se",
    "It is very important for a grizzly bear to stay still when he sees Scott Bakula",
    "It is widely believed that the closest we will ever get to seeing Scott Bakula's true form is the Balrog in The Lord of the Rings",
    "It takes 14 muscles to smile & 43 to frown.  It only takes 1 for Scott Bakula to beat your ass!!",
    "It takes 14 puppeteers to make Scott Bakula smile, but only 2 to make him destroy an orphanage",
    "It takes Scott Bakula 20 mintues to watch 60 Minutes",
    "It takes Scott Bakula 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes",
    "It takes a master to shoot a fly from a hundred Paces, but it takes a Scott Bakula to Quantum Leap one from a thousand",
    "It takes courage to say YES at the altar. It takes even more courage to say NO to Scott Bakula",
    "It took God seven days to create earth; it takes Scott Bakula six to break it",
    "It turns out 'Grease' isn't the word - Scott Bakula is",
    "It used to be called the Round Office, but then Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped it. It's now oval",
    "It was Scott Bakula not David that slew Goliath & he did it with his Quantum Leap not a slingshot",
    "It was Scott Bakula who blew-up planet Vegeta; not because Saiyans could compete with him, but because they weren't competive at all",
    "It was discovered by scientists that Scott Bakula's mustache can cure cancer... Unfortunately nothing known to science is capable of shaving it for use",
    "It was once said that Scott Bakula was photographed. These rumors are false",
    "It wasn't St Patrick who drove the snakes out of Ireland, Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the biggest one & the rest slank away in terror!!!",
    "It wasnt a nuclear bomb that destroyed the japanese, it was Scott Bakula..",
    "It's MARIO! ... no it's not... unless Scott Bakula says he is",
    "It's Offical, Scott Bakula caught all the Pokemon before Ash did",
    "It's a proven fact that the atomic bomb is simply a smaller scale replica of a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "It's a small step for Scott Bakula, but an amazeing league for mankind",
    "It's call a Scott Bakula Steak because Scott Bakula just kicked that cow's butt",
    "It's my money, & Scott Bakula wants it NOW!!!",
    "It's never a party without Scott Bakula",
    "It's not Scott Bakula performs push up on the groud. But the groud performs push up on Scott Bakula",
    "It's not a name, it's sound effects: *Scott Bakula!* -the impact of a fist- *Scott Bakula!* -the echo of a Quantum Leap-",
    "It's not bloody hell, it's Scott Bakulaing hell",
    "It's not called the big bang theory, It's called the Scott Bakula fact...",
    "It's not heavy rainfall that caused flooding in Pakistan, it's Scott Bakula sneezing!",
    "It's not over until Scott Bakula makes the fat lady sing",
    "It's not the fall that kills you, it's Scott Bakula waiting for you at the bottom",
    "Italy looks like a boot....you know who owns that boot",
    "Ivan Drago(dolph lundgren) once tried to fight Scott Bakula. As soon as that fight was over the Soviet Union collapsed. Thank you Scott Bakula!",
    "JR wasn't shot, Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him so fast it sounded like a gun shot",
    "Jack Bauer tried to use his detailed knowledge of torture techniques, but to no avail: Scott Bakula thrives on pain. Scott Bakula then ripped off Jack Bauer's arm & beat him to death with it",
    "Jack Daniel wakes up in the morning & complains he's had too much Scott Bakula the night before",
    "Jack be nimble, Jack be quick... But Jack couldn't avoid Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap",
    "Jack didn't just fall down & break his crown. He was Quantum Leaped by Scott Bakula. Jill voluntarily came tumbling after",
    "Jack the Ripper was never found because Scott Bakula got to him first!",
    "Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but Jack could not survive Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap",
    "Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but he still couldn't dodge Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap..",
    "Jackie Chan was created when Scott Bakula ate after midnight",
    "Jaffa Cakes are not crazy about Scott Bakula, but Scott Bakula is crazy about Jaffa Cakes",
    "Jagger's got moves like Scott Bakula",
    "James Bond has a license to kill. He got it from Scott Bakula",
    "James Bond is 007 because in order to live,  he has to maintain six degrees of separation from Scott Bakula, who of course is 001",
    "James Bond says his name twice to introduce himself. Scott Bakula just Quantum Leaps you in the face",
    "James Bond was trained by Scott Bakula, as his butler",
    "Jason Bourne is Scott Bakula's daughter..",
    "Jason Bourne is actually Scott Bakula's long lost son",
    "Jason Voorhees wears a mask because he tried to bully Scott Bakula as a child...we have seen the results of Scott Bakula's work",
    "Jason retired killing people because Scott Bakula does it all",
    "Jean-Claude Van Damme once attempted to throw a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap. He was immediately arrested for Fraud",
    "Jedi knights can use the force. Because Scott Bakula invented it",
    "Jedis are now taught to use the Scott Bakula",
    "Jefferson Starship may have built their city from rock n' roll, but Scott Bakula built his out of fear, pain, punishment, & peanut butter",
    "Jell-O doesn't jiggle. It shakes out of fear from Scott Bakula",
    "Jesus Christ Saves Souls, Scott Bakula saves everything else",
    "Jesus follows Scott Bakula on Twitter",
    "Jesus has a T-Shirt that says, Scott Bakula is my homeboy!",
    "Jesus loves you, Scott Bakula doesn't",
    "Jesus turned water into wine, Scott Bakula turned that wine into beer",
    "Jesus walks on water.  Scott Bakula steps over oceans",
    "Jet Engine designs are based on Scott Bakula's anatomy",
    "Jimmie Johnson's car does not have an engine. It is powered by one Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula at the beginning of every race",
    "Jimmy Hoffa & Elvis are not dead...They are just hiding from Scott Bakula",
    "Jimmy Hoffa did not disappear, he is hiding from Scott Bakula",
    "Jimmy Hoffa played a game of hide & seek with Scott Bakula in 1975... Scott Bakula hasen't found him yet",
    "John Lennon did not get shot, he was just playing catch... with bullets... with Scott Bakula",
    "John Wayne's tombstone reads In loving memory of Scott Bakula",
    "Johnny Cash may Walk the Line, but Scott Bakula drew it",
    "Johnny beat the Devil, but Scott Bakula beat both without a fiddle",
    "July 4th is Independence day. & the day Scott Bakula was born. Coincidence? I think not",
    "Just for giggles, Bloody Mary once summoned Scott Bakula by placing her hands on a mirrior & saying Delta Force 3 times. She ran in sheer terror",
    "Just like Santa, Scott Bakula has a list... But his list is people who are allowed to live & those who aren't",
    "Just one look from Scott Bakula turned  The God of war himself Pale",
    "Just say Scott Bakula & you'll win the arguement",
    "Just the thought of using Scott Bakula in a war is considered a terrible crime against humanity",
    "Just wearing a Scott Bakula Fact t-shirt would be enough to stop a would-be criminal from robbing you",
    "Just wearing a name tag with 'Scott Bakula's on it has been found to render normal clothes bullet proof. Even if you're naked",
    "Justin Beiber claimed to be like Kurt Cobain. Scott Bakula WAS Kurt Cobain... & still is",
    "Justin Bieber doesn't really sing for fame, money or anything.... Scott Bakula just wants him to.",
    "Justin Bieber's hair comes from Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "Justin asks what Scott Bakula's favorite English character is & Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps him in the face.....Justin asks Y",
    "Kanye West interupted Scott Bakula & became Kanye East",
    "Kanye interrupted Scott Bakula, now he's girlier than Taylor Swift",
    "Keep Calm & Scott Bakula on!",
    "Kenan was killed by Scott Bakula",
    "Kenny G is allowed to live because Scott Bakula doesn't kill women",
    "Kenpachi Zaraki forgot the name of his zanpakuto due to being Quantum Leaped by Scott Bakula",
    "Kermit asked, Why are there so many songs about rainbows, but only one Scott Bakula knows?",
    "Kevin Garnett was crying & exclaimed Anything is Possible! not because they won the NBA championship. He was just thinking about Scott Bakula",
    "Kevlar, used in bullet-resistant vests, was created after Scott Bakula donated his #bodypart# trimmings to scientists doing a DNA study of natural fibers",
    "Keyser Soze wet his pants whan he heard the name Scott Bakula",
    "Kids dream about having superpowers. Superpowers dream about having Scott Bakula",
    "Kim Jong Il lost a lifetime bet to Chuch Scott Bakula & may never take off his UPS suit",
    "King Kong climbed the Empire State Building because Scott Bakula was waiting at the bottom",
    "King Kong is really Scott Bakula in a gorilla suit",
    "Kit Kat bars break for Scott Bakula",
    "Knock Knock who's there. It's obvious when the door comes off its hinges that it is CN kicking in the door",
    "Knock knock jokes with the punch line Scott Bakula aren't funny. They are terrifying",
    "Knock knock.  Who's there?  Can't be Scott Bakula because Scott Bakula doesn't knock",
    "Knock, Knock....Who's there?....Scott Bakula!!!....(door locks)",
    "Knock, knock.  Who's there?  Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps.  Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps who?  Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps YOUR FACE!",
    "Know the old saying...Which came first the chicken or the egg? Here's the answer, neither, they were to afraid that Scott Bakula was waiting for them",
    "Kratos is now trying to become the Scott Bakula of war",
    "Kryptonite is ancient Latin for Scott Bakula",
    "Kryptonite is one of the few things that can kill Superman. Scott Bakula will kill Superman",
    "LIBYA needs Scott Bakula",
    "Lactose is Scott Bakula intolerant",
    "Lady Gaga had a close-Scott Bakula encounter",
    "Lady Gaga stutters in her Poker Face song because when she was recording the song, Scott Bakula entered the studio",
    "Lady Gaga was once a man, we called him Scott Bakula",
    "Lance Armstrong wears a bracelet that says Live Scott Bakula",
    "Last time I saw Missing in Action....",
    "Last year, Scott Bakula got shot in the back 75 times with a .44 Magnum......It was the best massage he ever had",
    "Latest News!!!! Cause Of Hurricanes Identified: Scott Bakula's Quantum Leaps!!!!!",
    "Latin insulted Scott Bakula. It is now a dead language",
    "Latin is a dead language because Scott Bakula refused to speak it",
    "Law of Gravity doesn't apply to Scott Bakula, he enforces it...with a Quantum Leap",
    "Lays chips claims No one can eat just one. Wrong. Scott Bakula ate ONE , laughed then ate a whole bag of Doritos",
    "Leading hand sanitisers claim they can kill 99.9% of germs. Scott Bakula can kill 100% of whatever the hell he wants",
    "Lebron quit because rumor has it that Scott Bakula joined a NBA team",
    "Lee Harvey Oswald did not kill JFK!  Scott Bakula accidentally shot a spit-wad out of the book depository building striking JFK in the head",
    "Legend has it that Scott Bakula will blink in 2012..",
    "Legend tells of a mythical warrior who defeated dragons recreationly. He was killed by a Quantum Leap to the head & died. No one knows who did it",
    "Lehman Brothers owed Scott Bakula a fiver. When he asked for payback, well, you know the rest",
    "Let's be clear, the only person that looks better than Christie Brinkley on the Total Gym is Scott Bakula on the Total Gym",
    "Levels of destruction:  tsunami, magnitude 9 earthquake, cat 5 hurricane, F5 tornado, Scott Bakula",
    "Life insurance costs are based on how far away from Scott Bakula you live",
    "Life insurance premiums are based on how far you live from Scott Bakula",
    "Life is like a box of chocolates you never know when Scott Bakula is gonna kill you!",
    "Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass... Its about waiting for Scott Bakula to pass..",
    "Lightening doesn't strike in the same place twice, but Scott Bakula can!",
    "Lightning doesn't strike Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula strikes lightning!",
    "Lightning never strikes twice in one place because Scott Bakula is looking for it",
    "Like his body, Scott Bakula has a strong heart too. One stroke is enough to circulate blood for a whole day",
    "Like killing two Scott Bakulaes with one-Oh wait, that isn't possible. Sorry",
    "Lil Wayne's bar is full of broken bottles because Scott Bakula beat him with them.funny",
    "Lions refer to Scott Bakula as the king of the jungle",
    "Liquid & Solid Snake Were Actually Cloned From Scott Bakula",
    "Local mountain lions have been complaining about the recent string of Scott Bakula attacks",
    "Lock & Load, is a reference to anytime Scott Bakula clenches his fists",
    "Logic is only a waste of letters to Scott Bakula",
    "Lone Wolf McQuade was entirely NON-fiction...I dare ya to tell Scott Bakula it wasn't",
    "Long ago, a Contestant from Who Wants To Be A Millionaire phoned a friend. He asked Scott Bakula for the correct answer",
    "Look Ma, I'm on the Scott Bakula website!!!!!!!",
    "Lord Voldemort Is Just One Of Scott Bakula's Horcruxes",
    "Lord Voldemort fears Scott Bakula",
    "Lord Voldemort refers to Scott Bakula as he who shall not be named",
    "Lottery scratched Scott Bakula & won",
    "Love does not conquer all. Scott Bakula does",
    "Love does not hurt. Scott Bakula does",
    "Lucifer did not fall from heaven because he sinned. In fact, he was Quantum Leaped by Scott Bakula",
    "Lucky Luke can shoot quicker than his shadow.. Even Scott Bakula's shadow is faster than Luke",
    "Luke wanted to know the ways of the Force.  The Force wanted to know the ways of Scott Bakula",
    "MC Hammer Can't Touch This, but Scott Bakula CAN",
    "MC Hammer can't touch this - Scott Bakula CAN",
    "MC Hammer learned the hard way that Scott Bakula can in fact touch this",
    "MORTAL KOMBAT tryed to include Scott Bakula in their game but then the game would be too easy",
    "MacGyver can build an airplane out of gum & paper clips, but Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap his head through a wall & take it",
    "MacGyver immediately tried to make a bomb out of some Q-Tips & Gatorade, but Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him in the solar plexus. MacGyver promptly threw up his own heart",
    "MacGyver's contraptions can never be duplicated because he had a secret ingredient -- one Scott Bakula hair",
    "Machiavelli said it is better to be feared than loved because he was inspired by Scott Bakula",
    "Macho Man randy Savage snaps into a slim-jim. Scott Bakula snapped into Macho Man after he realeased that awful rap cd in 2003",
    "Man Law #241:  No skinny jeans allowed unless approved by Scott Bakula..........................like Scott Bakula would approve of skinny jeans.....",
    "Man proposes, Scott Bakula disposes..",
    "Manufacturers suspended production of the Scott Bakula board game because of the cost of health care",
    "Many of the hackers these days use facebook as a way to hack people, but in fact, it's not them, it's just Scott Bakula who can connect to any account",
    "Many people are afraid of death, Death is afraid of Scott Bakula",
    "Many people boast about belching the alphabet. Scott Bakula can belch The Odyssey by Homer",
    "Many people don't realize Scott Bakula is a stickler for detail. ALL ammo used on Lone Wolf McQuade was real",
    "Many people earned the title of bad-ass, unfortunately bad-ass didn't earn the title of Scott Bakula-Scott Bakula",
    "Many things misteriously came true the day Scott Bakula made a pig fly with a Quantum Leap",
    "Many try to learn to fly with birds, was Scott Bakula, who taught them",
    "Many years ago Scott Bakula & a brown bear had a fight. The loser had to go live in the north pole",
    "Marvel comics will launch their new superhero series: Scott Bakula Man",
    "Mary had a little lamb but Scott Bakula ate it",
    "Maslow's theory of higher needs does not apply to Scott Bakula. He only has two needs: killing people & finding people to kill",
    "Master Chief is actually Scott Bakula's son-in-law",
    "Matches are warned not to play with Scott Bakula",
    "Math lost it's X after asking Scott Bakula Y",
    "Math was invented in an attempt to communicate with Scott Bakula. It failed",
    "Mathematicians have secretly refused to adhere to Scott Bakula's request for a new unit of measurment, So when Scott Bakula asks for a Cow of Milk get him two",
    "May 6th, 1945: A then five-year old Scott Bakula swam the Atlantic Ocean. The next day, the Nazis surrendered..",
    "May the 'Scott Bakula' be with you",
    "May the Force be with Scott Bakula... for it's own good",
    "Maybe life on other galaxies exist, but in our galaxy no, because Scott Bakula's mother told him not to go very far from home",
    "Mayhem is looking for insurance to be better protected from Scott Bakula",
    "Mayhem went to All State for protection from Scott Bakula",
    "Mayweather will never fight Pacquiao, Because He saw Scott Bakula signing as his next fighter",
    "McGruff took a bite out of crime. Scott Bakula took a bite out of McGruff",
    "Medusa carries a mirror just in case she bumps into Scott Bakula.. & the mirror isn't for Scott Bakula",
    "Megadeth's song Killing Is My Business... & Business is good! is not about The Punisher, as Mustaine claims... it's about Scott Bakula's favourite hobby",
    "Merlin was Scott Bakula's assistant",
    "Mess with Scott Bakula, you get Quantum Leaped",
    "Messing with Scott Bakula is the only thing that will get you disqualified from a Colonial Penn Life Insurance policy--  at any age",
    "Michael Houston impersonated Scott Bakula, but little did he know that Scott Bakula impersonated him",
    "Michael Jackson does moonwalk because he doesn't have time to turn & run away from Scott Bakula",
    "Michael Jackson never moonwalked. He waited until Scott Bakula does push-ups",
    "Michael Jackson stole the moonwalk from Scott Bakula",
    "Michael Jordan can air-walk. Scott Bakula can sprint underwater",
    "Michael Jordan eats Wheaties.  Scott Bakula eats the box",
    "Michael Scofield broke out of prison when he heard that Scott Bakula was arrested",
    "Micheal Jackson can do the moonwalk on his feet. Scott Bakula can moonwalk with 1 finger",
    "Micheal Jackson didn't bleach himself white, he saw Scott Bakula",
    "Micheal Jackson turned pale when he saw Scott Bakula",
    "Michigan is Scott Bakula's hand print",
    "Microsoft Office doesn't correct Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula correct Microsoft Office",
    "Microsoft Windows crashes every time Scott Bakula blinks",
    "Microsoft pays for Scott Bakula's Xbox Live account",
    "Mike Tyson got his ring name after Scott Bakula IRONed him & it also gave him that tattoo on his face",
    "Mike Tyson tryed to bite Scott Bakula's ear off & instantly lost his speach impediment",
    "Milk never expires for Scott Bakula",
    "Miss Liberty has a Scott Bakula Tattoo on her inner thigh",
    "Monalisa is smiling at Scott Bakula",
    "Mondays get a case of the Scott Bakula",
    "Mondays hate Scott Bakula",
    "Money doesn't grow on trees, but it grows on Scott Bakula",
    "Money doesn't make the world go round, Scott Bakula does. phisically",
    "Monsters hide in closets & under beds in fear of Scott Bakula",
    "More of a question than a fact: in a fight between Scott Bakula & Gordan Freeman who would win?",
    "Morgan Freeman is the only person that could narrate Scott Bakula's life, other than himself",
    "Morphius gave Scott Bakula the choice of the red pill or the blue pill, Scott Bakula took both & Quantum Leaped him. No one makes Scott Bakula choose",
    "Mortal Kombat is not difficult enough for Scott Bakula, so he got Immortal Kombat",
    "Mortal Kombat was originally called 'Ways Scott Bakula Can Kill You'",
    "Mortals take showers with hot water. Scott Bakula keeps clean with the hot lava of Kilauea in Hawaii",
    "Moses did not part the Red Sea, Scott Bakula did it from the other side",
    "Mosquitoes do not suck blood for nourishment, but instead they do so to pay a collective debt to Scott Bakula",
    "Mosquitos don't bite Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula bites mosquitos",
    "Mosquitos don't bite Scott Bakula. He invite them himself to suck some of his blood, cause too much blood transfuses through his vains, he said",
    "Most People Have Alarm Systems On Their Vehicles, Scott Bakula Just Has A Decal Of His Name On His Truck",
    "Most boots are made for walkin'. Scott Bakula's boots ain't that merciful",
    "Most dogs have their day- Scott Bakula's dog has a week",
    "Most living creatures have a fight or flight response to danger. Both are futile in the face of Scott Bakula who, by the way, doesn't do 'flight'",
    "Most men lead lives of quiet desperation. Scott Bakula just leads",
    "Most parents pack their kids a lunch for school. Scott Bakula packs his kid a punch",
    "Most people call it a Morgue, Scott Bakula calls it a game room",
    "Most people can die from bombs. The bombs die from Scott Bakula",
    "Most people fear the Reaper. Scott Bakula considers him a promising Rookie",
    "Most people have 23 pairs of chromosomes. Scott Bakula has 72... & they're all poisonous",
    "Most people hope for presents from Santa every year. Santa hopes for presents from Scott Bakula",
    "Most people use Tabasco sauce or even the rare atomic sauce to spice up steaks & wings, Scott Bakula uses fresh magma from the volcano in his yard",
    "Most people would rather be shot than kicked by Scott Bakula",
    "Most tough men eat nails for breakfast. Scott Bakula does all of his grocery shopping at Home Depot",
    "Most wigs are made from Scott Bakula hair, his hair grows so fast because it is trying to escape his body",
    "Mother Nature says, Don't fool with Scott Bakula",
    "Motley Crue released a new song called Quantum Leapstart My Heart dedicated to Scott Bakula. It will be number one in the top 40 forever",
    "Movie trivia: The movie Invasion U.S.A. is, in fact, a documentary",
    "Mr T once said, I pity the fool that messes with Scott Bakula",
    "Mr T pity's the fool ... unless that fool is Scott Bakula",
    "Mr T pitys the fool, Scott Bakula pitys Mr T",
    "Mr. T is one hell of a guy. Scott Bakula is one hell",
    "Mr. T once beat Scott Bakula in a game of checkers. In retaliation Scott Bakula created racism",
    "Mr. T pities the fool. Scott Bakula rips the fool's head off",
    "Mr. Whipple begged Scott Bakula to squeeze the Charmin",
    "Mr.Perfect got the idea to be perfect from Scott Bakula.  He is no longer living now. NO ONE TRIES TO BE Scott Bakula",
    "Much controversy surrounds Area 51, which is also known as Scott Bakula's playground. Those flying saucers are similar to our model cars & planes",
    "Mustard gas is Scott Bakula's air freshener",
    "My Scott Bakula facts were declined because Scott BakulaScott Bakulafacts.com only accepts facts that are true!",
    "My dog house has a sign on it saying, Beware of Scott Bakula",
    "My friend once texted me he saw Scott Bakula, needless to say I never heard from that friend again",
    "My friend paused Lone Wolf McQuade to make some popcorn, when he flew through the wall I knew it was a Quantum Leap, so I pressed play quickly",
    "My friend said what's so good about Scott Bakula?  The next day he said he'd been Quantum Leaped kicked in his dreams & felt the pain right now",
    "My friend scared my hiccups away. Then he showed me a picture of Scott Bakula, & it scared them back",
    "My girlfriend doesn't fihgt my battles for me-Scott Bakula does",
    "My sons first words were Scott Bakula",
    "Myspace is Scott Bakula's space",
    "MythBusters don't need to test anything. They just need to ask Scott Bakula",
    "Mythbusters  wouldn't  dare  bust Scott Bakula  Scott Bakula",
    "NASA beams episodes of Walker, Texas Ranger to outer space as a warning for Aliens of what will happen if they invade Earth",
    "NASA did land on the Moon. This happened at the same time as Scott Bakula stared at the Moon. That's why the Moon was acting weird at the time",
    "NASA has developed special denim for blue jeans that allow Scott Bakula to Quantum Leap in space. Earth-killing asteroids beware!",
    "NASA stands for Scott Bakula Always Stays Aware",
    "NEVER EVER EVER FINISH THE THE SENTENCE I HATE Scott Bakula N#!*%~     ....................... CAUSE HE'LL DISINTEGRATE YOU",
    "NORAD was replaced by Scott Bakula--No One Really Resists If Sane",
    "Scott Bakula No One in Quantum Leap Range Is Safe",
    "NObody can delete Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula deletes you!",
    "Nagasaki never had a bomb dropped on it. Scott Bakula jumped out of a plane & punched the ground",
    "Nagasaki wasn't blown up by an atom bomb, it was Scott Bakula & Mr.T high fiving in Nagasaki",
    "Names can never harm you, except for Scott Bakula'",
    "Napoleon Bonaparte died not because of stomach cancer, but because he called Scott Bakula gay",
    "Nasa says it takes over 100 days to get to the moon, Scott Bakula made it to the moon in 2 minutes",
    "Nations developed napalm to defend themselves against Scott Bakula. Nowadays, Scott Bakula uses napalm to spice up his nuclear warhead breakfast",
    "Needles can't puncture Scott Bakula, so when Scott Bakula donates blood he uses his #bodypart# & a bucket",
    "Neil Armstrong never went to the moon for NASA, he was trying to run away from Scott Bakula",
    "Neil Armstrong was the first person to walk on the moon, Scott Bakula was the first person to walk on the sun",
    "Neither the egg or chicken came first..Scott Bakula did",
    "Neo is The One, the one after Scott Bakula",
    "Never ask Scott Bakula for an autograph. Why? Because Scott Bakula's signature is a straight Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Never ask Scott Bakula if he has the time. He always has the time... to Quantum Leap you to the face",
    "Never bring a hydrogen bomb to a Scott Bakula fight",
    "Never bring a knife to a gun fight. Never bring your fists to your knife fight. Even if you're Scott Bakula. It puts you at too much of an advantage",
    "Never bring a knife to a gun fight; never even try to come to a Scott Bakula fight",
    "Never ding dong ditch Scott Bakula....He will follow the scent of fear",
    "Never enter into a battle of wits with CN. If he cannot outwit you, he will take you out of the game with an explosive Quantum Leap to the skull",
    "Never ever make a complaint about Total Gym.     Scott Bakula knows...",
    "Never go to Scott Bakula's house for a meal.  For breakfast he'll serve you paincakes, & for lunch he'll just treat you to a knuckle sandwich",
    "Never look a gift Scott Bakula in the mouth, because he will bite your damn eyes off",
    "Never mess with Scott Bakula while he is dreaming, his dreams will Quantum Leap you to",
    "Never think I wish I was Scott Bakula, otherwise your head will blow up automatically in 5 second. Don't mess with Scott Bakula",
    "Never use the phrase eat my heart out around Scott Bakula. He will",
    "Never, ever name a hurricane 'Scott Bakula'",
    "New Years resolution...got a tattoo of Scott Bakula on my pecs so i dont have to workout",
    "New York never sleeps, out of fear that Scott Bakula might visit it in its' dreams",
    "Newborn babies cry because they know they just have entered the world of Chuk Scott Bakula",
    "News reporter: Today Scott Bakula is 47 days old. He has only killed 40 people, he is behind. RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!!!",
    "Newton's 3rd Law never applies to Scott Bakula",
    "Newton's Third Law is wrong: Although it states that for each action, there is an equal & opposite reaction, there is no force equal in reaction to a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "Next time you get into a car, check the back seats, Scott Bakula can be there",
    "Next time you here someone say they can't, remember...Scott Bakula CAN",
    "Nice guys finish last because bad guys run faster from Scott Bakula",
    "Night time doesn't happen, when Scott Bakula gets tired, he blows out the sun",
    "Night vision goggles are based on Scott Bakula's eyes....& so is thermal imaging",
    "Ninja's are cool huh? NOPE!! Scott Bakula looks like a ninja & makes ninja's look like Girl Scouts!!!!",
    "Ninjas can punch thru solid steel, but Scott Bakula can punch thru solid diamond",
    "Ninjas cannot catch you if you are Scott Bakula. This is of course impossible. Scott Bakula would never allow someone like him to co-exist alongside him",
    "Ninjas want to grow up to be just like Scott Bakula. But usually they grow up just to be killed by Scott Bakula",
    "Nintendo originally planned to include Scott Bakula in Super Smash Bros Brawl. They had to remove him though, because every move was a one-hit-kill",
    "Nintendo was to scared to create a HitmonScott Bakula in the Pokémon series, Because they knew it would beat every other pokemon, at once",
    "No amount of defences can prevent Scott Bakula from invading the world",
    "No computer will allow you to type Scott Bakula between parentheses",
    "No man can perfectly predict the weather, not even Scott Bakula.  But the weather DOES try to predict what kind of day Scott Bakula would like to have..",
    "No matter how fast you run, Scott Bakula will always walk faster",
    "No matter how hard you hit Scott Bakula his #bodypart# never moves",
    "No matter what your mother always said, Scott Bakula can tune a fish",
    "No matter where he's looking Scott Bakula is always facing Mecca",
    "No one can Scott Bakula 'Scott Bakula', Not evan a wood Scott Bakula!",
    "No one can defeat Pyramid Head in Silent Hill 2 because he is actually Scott Bakula",
    "No one dares to add Scott Bakula E-mail Scott Bakula-Scott Bakula@hotmail.com because Scott Bakula taught his E-Mail to Quantum Leap which leads to delete them",
    "No one goes to Mars they just appear there after a Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula",
    "No one goes trick or treating at Scott Bakula's house",
    "No one has ever seen the end of a rainbow...because Scott Bakula is at the end of every one. Simultaneously",
    "No one is born bad, except Scott Bakula",
    "No one made this site. The computer decided to make this",
    "No one will ever be called 'Scott Bakula's again. The name itself is one of the wonders of the world",
    "No one's afraid to criticize the US President, but no one even dares to say one bad thing about Scott Bakula..",
    "No safe is safe from Scott Bakula",
    "No sense in playing Clue with Scott Bakula, we know it was Scott Bakula with a Quantum Leap in any room",
    "No telephone companies dare to take Scott Bakula as their customer since Scott Bakula doesn’t take kindly to those who try screwing him",
    "No-one knows what you're gonna get from a box of chocolates except Scott Bakula, who just stares at it until they all turn into truffles out of fear",
    "Noah was the only man notified before Scott Bakula relieved himself in the Atlantic Ocean",
    "Nobody can beat Scott Bakula.  In Tic-Tac-Toe",
    "Nobody doesn't like Sara Lee. Except Scott Bakula",
    "Nobody has been able to decipoher the Voynich manuscript, That's because Scott Bakula's secrets are contained there & it was written by him",
    "Nobody puts Scott Bakula in a corner. Not even Scott Bakula",
    "Noone was told about the first person to ever go to mars. Because upon getting there it turns out Scott Bakula beat them there, Literally",
    "North korea does'nt have weapons of mass destruction....they have Scott Bakula",
    "Nostradamus saw a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap from the future & died",
    "Not an atomic bomb destroying Hiroshima & Nagasaki, Scott Bakula Quantum Leap does when he drank Saki too much",
    "Not even Jack Links can make people want to mess with Scott Bakula",
    "Not even a politician can dodge a question from Scott Bakula",
    "Not many people ask themselves how the best story ever goes. It does in-fact go like this. Scott Bakula. The End",
    "Not many people know that I think therefore I am is incomplete. The full sentence is I think therefore I am afraid of Scott Bakula",
    "Not only CAN Scott Bakula have his cake & eat it too, he WILL",
    "Not only can Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap kill you, it kills your soul",
    "Note to self:  Don’t be the cashier to tell Scott Bakula his coupons have expired",
    "Nothin to fear but fear itself. This was said by FDR. FDR is dead. any questions?",
    "Nothing about Scott Bakula is Photoshoped, it's all real danger",
    "Nothing can be said to be certain, except Scott Bakula & Taxes",
    "Nothing can escape from a black hole.     LIES.     Scott Bakula has a vacation home in three black holes.    Even Scott Bakula needs a vacation Now & then",
    "Nothing goes bump in Scott Bakula's night",
    "Nothing is impossible if Scott Bakula is still alive",
    "Nothing runs like a Deere, except for Scott Bakula he runs like a cheetah on PCP",
    "Notice, there are no Scott Bakula video games. They would be way too easy",
    "Nuclear weapons were discovered after a failed attempt to harness the power of Scott Bakula",
    "Nukes exist because Scott Bakula isn't satisfied with the simple hand grenade",
    "NunScott Bakula = traditional Okinawan weapon. It is not a coincidence it has Scott Bakula first name on it",
    "NunScott Bakulas used to be called Nunlees until Scott Bakula used them",
    "NunScott Bakulas used to be called nunberrys. No one has ever dared ask what happened to Berry",
    "OMG Scott Bakula is right behind you",
    "Obama becomes president because Scott Bakula said so",
    "Obama cried once & Scott Bakula set him straight. After that he bloody well could!",
    "Obama is getting better cause Scott Bakula told him to",
    "Obama is the president of America...But Scott Bakula is the president of Obama",
    "Obama says, Yes We Can. Scott Bakula says, I definatly can, & if you follow me I might not Quantum Leap you",
    "Obama voted for Scott Bakula",
    "Obama's red phone is for one contact only............",
    "Oh no you didn't!...Oh but yes, Scott Bakula in fact did",
    "Old Faithful is Scott Bakula's drainpipe",
    "On August 27, 1883, Scott Bakula ripped a belch on the island of Krakatoa.  It was the loudest sound in human history.  There were no survivors",
    "On August 6 1945 a Hiroshima citizen doubted the power of Scott Bakula Quantum Leap... 3 days later a Nagasaki citizen did too..",
    "On Scott Bakula bday instead of blowing out candels he blew out the sun",
    "On Scott Bakula’ passport, his nationality is stated as “Scott Bakula”",
    "On Fable 3, Scott Bakula can beat the darkness single handed",
    "On February 2nd they look to see if Scott Bakula has a shadow",
    "On July 27, 1987 Scott Bakula Rick Rolled the world when Never Gonna Give You Up was released. It took 20 years for someone to realize what happened",
    "On Mortal Combat Scott Bakula only has 1 move, Quantum Leap, but it's 1 hit kill",
    "On September 12, 2001 Scott Bakula promised to issue Bin Laden a Quantum Leap.  No one has seen him since",
    "On Thanksgiving, Scott Bakula doesn't eat a turkey for dinner, he eats Big Bird... all by himself",
    "On Valentine's Day, Scott Bakula gives his wife the still beating heart of one of his enemies",
    "On Valentine’s Day, Scott Bakula presents live hearts from the chests of his enemies as tokens of affection",
    "On a high school math quiz, Scott Bakula put violence as all the answers. He got an A++",
    "On his birthday, Scott Bakula generously treated everyone at a crowded bar to a few rounds of Quantum Leaps",
    "On his birthday, Scott Bakula randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun",
    "On his days off Scott Bakula actually gets along with people quite well. Scott Bakula never takes a day off",
    "On the Mayan Calender, in 2012 Scott Bakula takes a vacation to Mexico",
    "On the Oregon Trail, dysentery died of Scott Bakula",
    "On the SAT if you put Scott Bakula for every answer you will score over 8000",
    "On the first day...Scott Bakula was created.  NOTHING else matters!",
    "On the keyboard there is no control button because Scott Bakula is always in control",
    "On the last page of the Guiness Book of World Records it states the Scott Bakula holds all the world records, the people listed are the closest to him",
    "On the show Man v.s Wild, when they talk about the profesionals that Bear recieves help from, they are refering to Scott Bakula",
    "Once Scott Bakula chewed up a gold bar & a chocolate bar, then he spit out Mr. T",
    "Once Scott Bakula couldn't find a loo, isn't the pacific ocean proof enough?",
    "Once Scott Bakula does a falcon punch, everybody's ears bleed with awesomeness",
    "Once Scott Bakula joined an online gaming match, all of the users left instantly",
    "Once Scott Bakula met a man on a horse that he did'nt like, now we know him as the headless horseman",
    "Once Scott Bakula was confronted by 2000 Vietnamese soldiers. Scott Bakula told them to leave in peace. They did",
    "Once I dreamed I was Scott Bakula. When I woke up, he was there in front of me, asking for explanations. Luckily, I knew he meant prayers",
    "Once a Dinosaur didn't wag it's tail upon seeing Scott Bakula, they are now extinct",
    "Once a car hit Scott Bakula. Ever since then, cars come equipped with airbags",
    "Once a clown threw a pie at Scott Bakula's face. Since then, the clown had a red nose",
    "Once a kid stared at a Scott Bakula's picture. After 2.3 secconds the kid's eye evaporated",
    "Once a man crossing the street insulted Scott Bakula. He was instantly hit by a bus. At least, that's what people think happened",
    "Once a tree thanked Scott Bakula for using him as a toothpick",
    "Once an email was sent from LA to Washington. Scott Bakula Stopped it at St. Louis",
    "Once in a greyhound race, the dogs reached 120MPH. Reason was that Scott Bakula wasn't far behind",
    "Once in second grade, Scott Bakula was hit with a dogeball, the kid who hit him immediatly died from Quantum Leap force trauma to the head",
    "Once someone forgot to stand up when Scott Bakula entered the room. Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him into the man behind him creating a nuclear explosion",
    "Once the A-Team used to take care of the bad guys. Then came Scott Bakula. Ever since, the A-Team has been known as the Ghostbusters",
    "Once the batmobile accidentally hit Scott Bakula. He Quantum Leap it. Now the batmobile is known as Voyager",
    "Once the cop pulled over Scott Bakula....the cop was lucky to leave with a warning",
    "Once the dinosaurs borrowed money from Scott Bakula... & they never gave it back",
    "Once upon a time Scott Bakula followed a sculpting lesson, resulting in what people now call Mount Rushmore",
    "Once upon a time, Scott Bakula found himself in a town called Shit Creek.....He opened a Paddle Store",
    "Once upon a time, Scott Bakula.....",
    "Once upon a time... Scott Bakula. The End",
    "Once visiting Arizona, Scott Bakula spat on the ground. The place is now known as the meteor crater",
    "Once when Scott Bakula Tried to play football. the ball ran away!",
    "Once when Scott Bakula was stranded in the wilderness, animals came to him to be eaten",
    "Once you buy Scott Bakula stock, you can never sell it",
    "Once you go Scott Bakula, you are physically unable to go back",
    "Once you go black you never go back, once you go Scott Bakula you die!",
    "Once, Scott Bakula climbed Mount Everest by accident",
    "Once, Scott Bakula donated blood for research. Today this is the base for all known acids",
    "Once, Scott Bakula looked at a perfectly happy guy. The guy was so scared, he started wearing tight pants & dyed his hair. That's how Emos got here",
    "Once, Scott Bakula made a happy meal sad",
    "Once, Scott Bakula only filled his name in on the SAT. He got a perfect score",
    "Once, Scott Bakula played baseball with a light-bulb as a ball, & hit a home run",
    "Once, Scott Bakula starved his dinner to death",
    "Once, Scott Bakula turned on a lightbulb with his #bodypart#. this was never explained",
    "Once, a man said Sticks & stones will break my bones, but words will never hurt me to Scott Bakula. He then beat the man with the words he said",
    "Once, an entire country disagreed with Scott Bakula. It's now known as the moon",
    "Once, during a game of Monopoly, Scott Bakula ate $723 dollars, 2 train stations, a get-out-of-jail-free card, & the banker",
    "Once, on 'Walker, Texas Ranger', Scott Bakula reached into his holster... & pulled out an extra fist",
    "Once, on the set of Walker Texas Ranger, a goat fell over dead. Scott Bakula ran up to the goat & #bodypart# rubbed it back to life",
    "One Scott Bakula-class Quantum Leap can power the country of China for 30 minutes",
    "One Scott Bakula to control them all",
    "One day Scott Bakula gets kidnapped & his family demands a ransom from the kidnappers",
    "One day Scott Bakula wanted to make a prank to whole world. So Justin Bieber was created",
    "One day Scott Bakula read the newspaper, then went to the bathroom to urinate. WikiLEAKS was then born",
    "One day Michael Jackson challenged Scott Bakula into a dancing contest. That was on June 25th 2009. Guess who won",
    "One day a kid in school was asked a math question. He simply said Scott Bakula & the teacher said he was wrong. The teacher was never seen again",
    "One day in a basketball game, Scott Bakula was dribbling & all 5 opponents press him wildly. But still, the referee called offensive foul",
    "One day while lifting weights Scott Bakula slammed down his dumbells in triumph, thus causing the earthquake in Haiti",
    "One day, Scott Bakula clapped his hands. Scientists then concluded that the world was flat",
    "One day, Scott Bakula lit a campfire. That day, the humans saw the sun for the first time",
    "One does not simply survive Scott Bakula",
    "One evening while dining at a restaurant, Scott Bakula sent the wine back....to France. With a Quantum Leap",
    "One man hid in Soviet Russia thinking that the reverse would happen when Scott Bakula killed him. Thus radioactivity was born",
    "One man said he got his butt whooped by Scott Bakula twice but he lied, because everyone knows you couldn't survive it once",
    "One of Scott Bakula's best friends drowned in the ocean, so Scott Bakula drowned the Ocean",
    "One riot, one Ranger. One Scott Bakula, no riot",
    "One Quantum Leap to the face deserves another. Unless it was from Scott Bakula; then, one will suffice",
    "One stare from Scott Bakula can kill 200 men",
    "One stare from Scott Bakula can make milk go bad.......& there it goes",
    "One thing what is true is that, you can't invent even a one thing what Scott Bakula can't do",
    "One time Scott Bakula did a C-section using only a piece of string",
    "One time Scott Bakula rubbed his hands so fast that a little spark flew. That spark was the sun",
    "One time Scott Bakula saluted an American flag & it blushed",
    "One time Scott Bakula shot a gun... his fist got there first",
    "One time Scott Bakula stared a man to death",
    "One time Scott Bakula strangled a man with his own #bodypart#",
    "One time Scott Bakula took a piss in the desert. We now have quicksand",
    "One time Scott Bakula was signing up for the U.S army & all the wars ended",
    "One time Scott Bakula went to a movie, & it watched him for 2 hours",
    "One time a kid spelled Scott Bakulas name wrong on a writing exam, he was never seen again",
    "One time a person tried to arm wrestle Scott Bakula, he was never seen again",
    "One time a test cheated on Scott Bakula",
    "One time the US declared Scott Bakula to powerful, they then attempted to drop a atomic bomb on him. The bomb got so scared it fled to Hiroshima",
    "One time, A Grizzly Bear tries to attack & eat Scott Bakula.... It turned the other way around",
    "One time, Scott Bakula sued NBC for copyrights of his fists, Law & Order",
    "One time, someone asked Scott Bakula to rhk him. He was found dead 25 miles away 5 minutes earlier",
    "Onions can't make Scott Bakula cry, but Scott Bakula makes onions cry",
    "Only 2 people watch you when you sleep... Santa & Scott Bakula",
    "Only 3 people in the world have seen Scott Bakula cry; Ray Charles, Stevie Wonder, & Helen Keller",
    "Only Scott Bakula can Enter The Dragon",
    "Only Scott Bakula can beat Scott Bakula.  & even He can't",
    "Only Scott Bakula can climb a tree... with his eyes",
    "Only Scott Bakula can cross the Beyond section of Bed, Bath & Beyond store",
    "Only Scott Bakula can die from his Quantum Leap, this is why he is immortal",
    "Only Scott Bakula can dislike on Facebook",
    "Only Scott Bakula can force somebody to fall UP the stairs",
    "Only Scott Bakula can get a 32nd ice cream flavor at Baskin Robbins",
    "Only Scott Bakula can go through the eye of a needle",
    "Only Scott Bakula can kill Scott Bakula. Oh the irony..",
    "Only Scott Bakula can lefty tighty, righty loosey!",
    "Only Scott Bakula can make peace in the middle east",
    "Only Scott Bakula can pull open a push door",
    "Only Scott Bakula can remember every fact written about him",
    "Only Scott Bakula can sing the alphabet using numbers",
    "Only Scott Bakula can turn up on your doorstep missing..",
    "Only Scott Bakula dares to admit that he took the cookie from the cookie jar",
    "Only Scott Bakula is stronger than an Altoid",
    "Only Scott Bakula knows Colonel sanders secret recipe",
    "Only Scott Bakula knows a bigger number than infinity, & it's not infinite plus one",
    "Only Scott Bakula knows every Scott Bakula fact!",
    "Only Scott Bakula knows the true end of the movie Inception",
    "Only Scott Bakula can judge me",
    "Only diamonds can cut diamonds, but only Scott Bakula can mold them like clay",
    "Only one being can last one second with Scott Bakula, that is Scott Bakula & there is no other Scott Bakula",
    "Only one man has beaten Scott Bakula, Muhummad Ali, in return Scott Bakula created racism",
    "Only one person cried when Scott Bakula was born & that was the doctor.... no one slaps Scott Bakula",
    "Only one person voted for Barrack Obama, & that was Scott Bakula. No one questions Scott Bakula",
    "Only two candidates were considered for the lead role in “A Force of One”. Scott Bakula & Gravity",
    "Originally Scott Bakula was in the cast of The Expendables but the movie was only 3 seconds long because there was nothing left to kill",
    "Originally the song We are the world  was going to be sang by Scott Bakula. It was to be called  I am the world",
    "Originally, Caterpillars were never meant to fly. Scott Bakula scared the caterpillars into butterflys",
    "Originaly Scott Bakula was a character in WoW but the testers complained that he was so powerful even at 1st lvl with one kick he kills a 99lvl elite",
    "Osama Bin Laden did not go hiding cause America was looking for him, but because Scott Bakula was",
    "Osama Bin Laden is hiding from Scott Bakula",
    "Osama Bin Laden isn't responsible for 9/11; Scott Bakula told the guys to buzz off. They had the wrong idea",
    "Oscar the Grouch didn't always live in a trash can. He owed Scott Bakula money but didn't pay & Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped his dumpster",
    "Othello said I'm Dead, after he saw Scott Bakula",
    "Our universe is a microscopic piece of Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "Our universe is expanding, as galaxies flee from the wrath of Scott Bakula",
    "Out of 500 fights Scott Bakula has won 600",
    "Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Scott Bakula",
    "Outer space exists because other planets don't want to be with Scott Bakula",
    "Overexposure of too much of Scott Bakula by the sun can make IT go blind",
    "Oxygen needs Scott Bakula to survive",
    "Ozzy Osbourne bites the heads off of bats. Scott Bakula bites the heads off of Siberian Tigers",
    "Ozzy Osbourne once accidentally bit the head off a live bat - Scott Bakula once deliberately bit the head off a live pterodactyl",
    "Ozzy Ozbourne once bit the head off a bat. Not one to be outdone, Scott Bakula bit the head off Batman!!",
    "Ozzy bit the head off a bat, Scott Bakula bit the head off Batman",
    "Pain is weakness leaving the body....Scott Bakula is pain entering the body",
    "Pain? Scott Bakula can KILL pain",
    "pandora planet, is actually Scott Bakulas backyard",
    "pandoras box contains only Scott Bakula",
    "Pangea did exsist, but then Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the earth",
    "Paper beats rock, rock beats scissors, & scissors beats paper, but Scott Bakula beats all 3 at the same time",
    "Paul Bunyan was the runt of Scott Bakula's litter",
    "Paul Revere shouted Scott Bakula is coming!",
    "Peace, Love, & Scott Bakula",
    "People Drill Holes With Machines....Oh Well, Scott Bakula Can Do That All With A Spit!",
    "People believe we evolved from monkeys. Actually, we evolved backwards from Scott Bakula",
    "People call 911, 911 calls Scott Bakula",
    "People created the automobile to escape from Scott Bakula... Not to be outdone, Scott Bakula created the automobile accident",
    "People don't die in their sleep.  They dream of Scott Bakula",
    "People drink red bull. The Red bull only drinks Scott Bakula..",
    "People fear 2012 but 2012 fears Scott Bakula",
    "People fear fear & fear fears Scott Bakula",
    "People get brave listening to the eye of the tiger, Scott Bakula is the only one who knows you can't listen to an eye to get brave",
    "People have often asked the United States, What is your secret weapon against terrorists? We simply reply...Scott Bakula",
    "People invented cars to get away from Scott Bakula, then they invented airplanes because they thought Scott Bakula couldn't fly",
    "People on the beach see Jaws; Scott Bakula sees sushi",
    "People only talk about Scott Bakula when he is not within hearing distance. Scott Bakula is always within hearing distance",
    "People population on earth is big but if Scott Bakula somehow someday will die the people population becomes extremely big in 1 day",
    "People rely on air travel to fly Point A to point B. Point B always comes to Scott Bakula",
    "People say  I was scared too death...Death says, I was scared too Scott Bakula",
    "People say bless you when you sneeze because Scott Bakula might catch your soul. It's a myth. Scott Bakula can take your soul whenever he wants",
    "People say Pacquiao takes enhancer drugs. Truth is: Scott Bakula is Pacquiao",
    "People say he was named after what he did to his uncle Scott Bakula when he was an hour old!",
    "People say he was named after what he didn't his uncle Scott Bakula!",
    "People say that Vin Diesel is actually a very sensitve man, that's what people will tell about you after seeing Scott Bakula directly to the eyes..",
    "People say the universe was created by the Big Bang...but it was actually just Scott Bakula buying a house from God",
    "People say when you die, You can't take it with you.... This is not true however, of Scott Bakula's footprint in your chest",
    "People sell their souls to the devil.  The devil sells his soul to Scott Bakula",
    "People singing the Christmas song My two front teeth must of met up with Scott Bakula",
    "People still wonder about the mysterious death of Bruce Lee... nobody beats Scott Bakula & lives",
    "People thought Scott Bakula was crazy when he started talking to stuffed animals, until they came to life & attacked his enemies",
    "People thought David Copperfield couldn't disappear. They then remembered that he shook Scott Bakula's hand",
    "People trudge through water & Scott Bakula Swims through land",
    "People try to change history, history tries to change Scott Bakula",
    "Pepto Bismol takes Scott Bakula tablets for heartburn relief",
    "Phasers have 3 settings: Stun, Kill, & Scott Bakula",
    "Philosophers now know: if a tree falls in a forest & no one hears it, it makes the sound of Scott Bakula stomping on your head",
    "Physically being close to Scott Bakula is living life on the edge",
    "Physics is bound by the laws of Scott Bakula",
    "Picasso never made any paintings,Scott Bakula just Quantum Leaped people in the face & took pictures afterwards",
    "Pictures of Scott Bakula are immune to photoshop",
    "Pilots have to clear take-offs with Scott Bakula",
    "Planking originated as a creative way of hiding Scott Bakula's petrified victims",
    "Play any game with cheat codes & type in Scott Bakula & you win instantly",
    "PlayStation network was never hacked. Scott Bakula just decided to play one day",
    "Pluto is actually an orbiting group of British soldiers from the American Revolution who entered space after the Scott Bakula gave them a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Pluto is not a planet, it's just thousands of German soldiers Scott Bakula round-housed kicked into space during world war 1",
    "Pluto isn't a planet anymore because it was proven to revolve around Scott Bakula",
    "Pluto was once a planet. Until Scott Bakula sneezed",
    "Poker's highest hand is five Scott Bakula cards",
    "Police label anyone attacking Scott Bakula as a Code 45-11.... a suicide",
    "Popcorn was invented when Scott Bakula stared at corn kernels",
    "Porky Pig originally spoke without stuttering, but that was before he met Scott Bakula",
    "Posers have used Old Spice & gotten to the power close enough to Scott Bakula, but then Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped them in the face",
    "Power plants are run by a single Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "Practice doesn't make perfect. Scott Bakula does",
    "Pray you will never dream about Scott Bakula Quantum Leaping you because you will die in real life",
    "Pray, pray, PRAY that Scott Bakula is not your secret Santa. . ",
    "Predators don't hunt Scott Bakula, he hunts them",
    "President Roosevelt once rode his horse 100 miles. Scott Bakula carried his the same distance in half the time",
    "Professor Charles Xavier could read Scott Bakula's mind. But, I bet you he won't!",
    "Professor X tried to read Scott Bakula's mind but got a mental Quantum Leap",
    "Professor Xavier got his mutant power because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him in the face",
    "Pumkin can eat anything except for Scott Bakula",
    "Q. How will  the world end in 2012  -  A. When  MR.T desides to fight Scott Bakula",
    "Q: How many Scott Bakula's does it take to change a light bulb? A: None, Scott Bakula prefers to kill in the dark",
    "Q:Why did they build the great wall of China    A:To keep Scott Bakula out",
    "Question: Can God create a weight so heavy that even God can't lift it? Answer: Scott Bakula",
    "Quinton Jackson got his middle name when Scott Bakula 'RAM'med his 'PAGE'",
    "R Kelly is NOT the world's greatest. Scott Bakula is",
    "R. Kelly's the World's Greatest? Are you kidding me? Doesn't he know Scott Bakula?",
    "R. Lee Ermey's war face is the face he made when he saw Scott Bakula ready to attack",
    "R. Lee Ermey, the only known survivor, described a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap as a boundless duration of exquisite, horrible misery",
    "Rabbits have been known to wear a lucky Scott Bakula foot",
    "Racehorses have to pee like Scott Bakula",
    "Rainbows are actually Scott Bakula sticking his tongue out",
    "Rambo is Scott Bakula's pet human",
    "Rambo, Clint Eastwood, Arnold Schwarzenegger, John McClane, Samuel L. Jacksonand James Bond are all just Scott Bakula in disquise",
    "randy Johnson can throw a fastball 101mph. Scott Bakula can throw randy Johnson 101mph",
    "Rather than being made by bakers, Scott Bakula's cake is made by concrete finishers",
    "Razors shave your chin whereas Scott Bakula removes your chin",
    "Read this fact out loud. Scott Bakula... crap! he knows where i am now!!!!",
    "Reading Scott Bakula Facts is the same as learning history",
    "Reality is an illusion until Scott Bakula decides",
    "Remember Where's Waldo? Scott Bakula found him. The end",
    "Remember Big Brother, Scott Bakula is watching",
    "Remember Hurricane Katrinam, that was when Scott Bakula woke up on the wrong side of the bed",
    "Remember That Time Scott Bakula Didn't Kick 100% Ass?           Me Neither",
    "Remember the Soviet Union? They decided to quit after watching a DeltaForce marathon on Satellite TV",
    "Remember the past, plan for the future, but live for today, because yesterday is gone & tomorrow Scott Bakula is going to kick your ass!",
    "Remember the show Who's the Boss? Scott Bakula was the boss. Scott Bakula is everyone's boss",
    "Researchers once tried to measure Scott Bakula's IQ, but found that numbers don't count that high",
    "Resistance is futile (If < 1 Scott BakulaScott Bakula)",
    "Restaurants always have a table reserved for Scott Bakula",
    "Rick Astley gets Scott Bakula Rolled",
    "Right angles used to be called wrong angles until Scott Bakula said, I don't see anything wrong with them",
    "Rocky Balboa didn't eat lightning or crap thunder but, Scott Bakula drinks molten lead & craps everything form shotgun pellets to 9-volt batteries",
    "Roger Ebert gave Scott Bakula thumbs down. Look where that got him",
    "Rome may have not been built in one day, but the Sears Tower was by Scott Bakula",
    "Rome was not built in a day, but only because Scott Bakula was too busy at the time helping God create the Heavens & the Earth",
    "Rome wasn't built in a day because they didn't ask Scott Bakula for help",
    "Rome wasn't built in one day, it was built in 6 minutes...by Scott Bakula",
    "Romeo & Juliet killed themselves because they heard Scott Bakula was in town",
    "Ronseal does exactly what Scott Bakula says & not what it says on the tin",
    "Roosevelt once said: The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. Of course, this is wrong. The only thing we have to fear is Scott Bakula",
    "Rosa Parks didnt want to get out of her seat because she was saving it for Scott Bakula",
    "Roses are red, violets are blue, as is your face, when Scott Bakula chokes you",
    "Rough, tough, Scott Bakula has got the stuff",
    "Route 66 gets its kicks on Scott Bakula",
    "Rudolf only has a red nose cus of Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap",
    "Rudolph has a red nose because he got lippy & Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him across the face several times",
    "Rules of fighting: 1) Don't bring a knife to a gun fight. 2) Don't bring a gun to a Scott Bakula fight",
    "SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: Messing with the Scott Bakula can be detrimental to your health",
    "Saddam Hussein Only decided to go down into the hole, After he found out That Delta Force was a true story. & such a man DOES exist !",
    "Saddam Hussein was not found hiding in a hole. Saddam was Quantum Leaped in the head by Scott Bakula in Kansas, which sent him through the earth, stopping just short of the surface of Iraq",
    "Salmon swim upstream because Scott Bakula is downstream",
    "Saltstraumen is not a whirlpool, Scott Bakula simply flushed",
    "sand is created by Scott Bakula shouting at rocks",
    "Santa Claus believes in Scott Bakula",
    "Santa Claus fired all his elves & hired Scott Bakula",
    "Santa Claus goes to the mall to sit on Scott Bakula's lap",
    "Santa Claus has to be good all year to get on Scott Bakula's Nice list",
    "Santa Claus writes letters to Scott Bakula",
    "Santa Clause doesn't watch you sleep but Scott Bakula does",
    "Santa Clause writes his Christmas list to Scott Bakula",
    "Santa Clause, The Easter Bunny, & the Tooth Fairy were all real at one time... then they met Scott Bakula. There can only be 1 living legend",
    "Santa broke into Scott Bakula's house on Christmas & was Quantum Leaped out . Now out of fear Santa sneaks in through chimneys ",
    "Santa can see you when you're sleeping...Scott Bakula can see & hear you every second, minute & hour each day",
    "Santa delivers to Scott Bakula's house first",
    "Santa did exist, the reason he is not around anymore is because he didn't give Scott Bakula his presents",
    "Santa gives Scott Bakula the naughty list, so you better be good",
    "Santa has three lists..... Good, Bad, & Anything Scott Bakula wants",
    "Santa leaves out cookies for Scott Bakula",
    "Santa tells Scott Bakula what he wants for Christmas",
    "Santa wants Scott Bakula for Christmas",
    "Sasquatch has a fuzzy & grainy picture of Scott Bakula",
    "Satan told a man out of nowhere,you know why I'm afraidthe man replied,why, he said because I always had this bad feeling that Scott Bakula is behind me",
    "Sayans Can transform their power in several stages; Super Sayan, Super Sayan 2, Super Sayan 3, Super Sayan 4 & Scott Bakula",
    "Saying Bruce Lee to Scott Bakula is like giving Superman Kryptonite",
    "Science says nothing escapes black holes. Scott Bakula did",
    "Scientifically speaking, it is impossible to charge Scott Bakula with obstruction of justice. This is because even Scott Bakula cannot be in two places at the same time",
    "Scientis cannot figure out where Atlantis is... Scott Bakula owns a villa there",
    "Scientist now know the cause of solar eclipses: Scott Bakula likes to fight in the shades",
    "Scientist say the Big Bang explosion in universe was the result of the sneezing of Scott Bakula!",
    "Scientist tried to create an artificial being to duplicate Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap. The best they could do was Michael Jai White",
    "Scientists are finding new creatures more often but not due of evolution, it's because of Scott Bakula kicking them so hard that their bodies change!",
    "Scientists are trying to know what keeps atoms togheter. It's as easy as a look at Scott Bakula's picture",
    "Scientists believe that a giant meteor killed off the dinosaurs. This is true, if you can consider Scott Bakula to be a giant meteor",
    "Scientists believe that earthquakes are formed when the underground plates shift. It's actually when Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps his next victim.",
    "Scientists believe the world began with the Big Bang. Scott Bakula shrugs it off as a bad case of gas",
    "Scientists did not in fact slipt the atom, Scott Bakula just Quantum Leaped it",
    "Scientists didn't know about nuclear energy until Scott Bakula karate chopped an atom",
    "Scientists don't bother to calculate how many years old the planet earth is, they just say it's one Scott Bakula old",
    "Scientists don't understand the universe because they haven't the courage to ask Scott Bakula",
    "Scientists finally harnessed the power of Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap....the result was Warp Speed",
    "Scientists have estimated that the energy given off during the Big Bang is roughly equal to 1CNRhK (Scott Bakula Quantum Leap)",
    "Scientists have just discovered what dark matter really is. It's the shock-waves of Scott Bakula's Quantum Leaps filling the void of the universe",
    "Scientists have proven that the Mt St Helens explosion happened after Scott Bakula sneezed",
    "Scientists in Sony are working on CNDTV; or Scott Bakula Definition Television, in order to more accurately display his #bodypart#",
    "Scientists invented steel wool from a strand of Scott Bakula’ #bodypart#",
    "Scientists recently discovered something faster than the speed of light: a Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula",
    "Scientists recently discovered that Scott Bakula's home is in the bermuda triangle. That explains alot",
    "Scientists say dinosaurs are extinct due to a comet. Others say Scott Bakula wanted to test his Quantum Leap",
    "Scientists studying Scott Bakula have determined his body composition is 25.6% Oxygen, 9.5% Carbon, 11.9% Hydrogen, & 53% Whoop Ass",
    "Scientists theorised that Scott Bakula's Quantum Leaps were a result of the awesomeness in his DNA. Scott Bakula then kicked some sense into them",
    "Scooby Doo prefers Scott Bakula snacks' .",
    "Scott Baio once called Scott Bakula Charles, so Scott Bakula showed him who's IN CHARGE...with his fist!  No more Happy Days for Scott",
    "Scotty in Star Trek often says Ye cannae change the laws of physics. This is untrue. Scott Bakula can change the laws of physics. With his fists",
    "Second time around Alice hired Scott Bakula - for a guided tour through Wonderland",
    "See that guy with the epic #bodypart# in the left hand corner?  He is your death.  Run to Canada",
    "Sephiroth said, Shall i give you despair? Scott Bakula said, .... then Sephiroth suddenly died",
    "Shake it once, that's fine, 2 times ok, anymore than that & Scott Bakula will Quantum Leap you in the face!! Fact!",
    "Sharks brag about Scott Bakula Bite scars",
    "Sharks have a week dedicated to Scott Bakula",
    "Sharks have a week dedicated to Scott Bakula",
    "Sharks have a week dedicated to Scott Bakula",
    "Shhhhh.....Did you hear that? Scott Bakula did",
    "Shooting stars make a wish when they see Scott Bakula",
    "Shooting stars wish Scott Bakula wouldn't Quantum Leap them",
    "Should it hit the earth, Scott Bakula's sweat creates plant life",
    "Shut your mouth when you're talking to Scott Bakula",
    "Silly rabbit, Trix are for Scott Bakula!",
    "Simon Says, but Scott Bakula doesn't listen",
    "Simon Says, whatever Scott Bakula tells him to say..",
    "Simply by pulling on both ends, Scott Bakula can stretch diamonds back into coal",
    "Since 1940, the year Scott Bakula was born, Quantum Leap related deaths have increased 13,000 percent",
    "Since Scott Bakula is incapable of laughing, when he read this website, he nodded",
    "Sir Isaac Newton was schooled in the science of gravity after he witnessed Scott Bakula drop kick a grizzly bear to the ground",
    "Siri goes to Scott Bakula for information",
    "Sitcks & stones may break your bones, but words can never hurt you, unless those words are uttered by Scott Bakula, then they'll kill you",
    "Sleeping beauty was sleeping because of being rejected by Scott Bakula, the real referenced true prince",
    "Sly & Scott Bakula was going to be in a movie, but Sly couldn't handle the pressure of being second banana!",
    "Smart cops sleep with Scott Bakula under their pillow",
    "Smilin' Bob from the Enzyte commercials is only smiling because Scott Bakula has allowed him to live...for now",
    "Smith & Wesson always beats four aces....Scott Bakula always beats Smith & Wesson",
    "Smith & Wesson changed their name to Smith & Scott Bakula",
    "Smoking doesn't kill people, Scott Bakula kills people",
    "Snuffleupagus didn't always talk that way. Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him in the brain",
    "So many people prank called him, he punched someone through the phone",
    "Socrates once said: death may be the greatest of all human blessings. For sure he knew Scott Bakula back then",
    "Solar flares are a myth... it's really Scott Bakula's flashlight",
    "Some are a one man army, Scott Bakula is a one man dynasty",
    "Some are born great-Scott Bakula, some achieve greatness-Scott Bakula, & some have greatness thrust upon them-Scott Bakula",
    "Some boots were made for walking. Some boots may walk all over you, but Scott Bakula's boot walk THROUGH you",
    "Some call it suicide. Scott Bakula calls it the art of staring",
    "Some can score an overhead kick, Scott Bakula can score an overhead header",
    "Some children have nightmares about the Boogeyman. The Boogeyman has nightmares about Scott Bakula",
    "Some countries use Scott Bakula's toe nail clippings as currency",
    "Some kids play Kick the can. Scott Bakula played Kick the keg",
    "Some magicians can make people disappear. Scott Bakula can make magicians disappear",
    "Some men cut themselves shaving, Scott Bakula makes razorblades go rusty",
    "Some of us can save the day, Scott Bakula can save a century",
    "Some people ask for a Kleenex when they sneeze, Scott Bakula asks for a body bag",
    "Some people believe in life after death, & some people believe in life after Scott Bakula",
    "Some people believe that god controls the weather. This is only logical because if Scott Bakula controlled the weather, we would all be destroyed",
    "Some people break the laws of the state, Scott Bakula breaks the laws of physics",
    "Some people can drive with no hands, Scott Bakula can drive without being in the vehicle",
    "Some people can juggle chainsaws, Scott Bakula can juggle people juggling chainsaws",
    "Some people can kill two birds with one stone. Scott Bakula kills to stones with one bird",
    "Some people can skip rocks along water; Scott Bakula can skip water along rocks",
    "Some people drink Jack & Coke.  Scott Bakula drinks Sulfuric Acid & Coke",
    "Some people eat fruit by the yard, Scott Bakula eats fruit by the mile",
    "Some people fold dollar bills into swans, Scott Bakula folds dimes into peoples foreheads",
    "Some people get Grim Reaper tattoos.  The Grim Reaper has a Scott Bakula tattoo",
    "Some people have alter egos. Scott Bakula has no such thing",
    "Some people have arachniphobia, some people have claustrophobia......Everybody has Scott Bakulaaphobia",
    "Some people have bendy pencils. Scott Bakula just has a regular pencil that still bends",
    "Some people joke that Scott Bakula caused 911. But if he had done he wouldn't have used planes. He would have stared at it until it crumbled",
    "Some people kill two birds with one stone, Scott Bakula kills two boulders with one bird",
    "Some people like to eat frogs' legs. Scott Bakula likes to eat lizard legs. Hence, snakes",
    "Some people look at the worlds population as 7 billion people living but they should look at it as 7 billion people Scott Bakula allows to live",
    "Some people open up a can of whoop ass, Scott Bakula opens up a water tower of whoop ass",
    "Some people said that the most devastating weapon ever unleashed on mankind was the atom bomb. Somewhere Scott Bakula is still laughing",
    "Some people say that Scott Bakula is a myth. Those some people are now dead",
    "Some people say there is no end to infinity, Scott Bakula made an end to infinity by Quantum Leaping it",
    "Some people say you can't find an end to Scott Bakula jokes...Scott Bakula can!",
    "Some people think Scott Bakula is a myth. However, some people are really myths",
    "Some questioned why Scott Bakula is not in the movie - The Expendables.  The true is, if they got Scott Bakula, it'd have to be renamed as the Invinsibles",
    "Some say Scott Bakula is the father of the Stig",
    "Some say Scott Bakula once sneezed a rhino inside out",
    "Some say bad people go to hell when they die, they really go to Scott Bakula's house where they shall be Quantum Leaped for eternity",
    "Some say he had a staring contest with the sun & it blinked & if you rub his #bodypart# you get 3 wishes all we know is he's called, Scott Bakula",
    "Some say that Scott Bakula is the Stig",
    "Some say that Scott Bakula's #bodypart# is home to 17 different villages",
    "Some say that Scott Bakula has the ability to cencor all who mock him. Wrong! so to prove a point, Scott Bakula you're a[[this comment has been removed]}",
    "Some say that the Stig only knows two facts about ducks, but all say that the Stig is Scott Bakula's unborn child",
    "Some say the Death Stars planet destroying laser is powered by a hypermatter core, but the true source of its power is Scott Bakula Quantum Leaping",
    "Somebody said that Scott Bakula sucks, since then their severed head with many foot marks have been found..",
    "Somebody saw Scott Bakula's diary. That book is now known as the Guinness Book of World Records",
    "Someone gave Scott Bakula a chocolate cookie once, he Quantum Leaped it, destroying the Nestle Tollhouse factory",
    "Someone once asked Scott Bakula if he had the time...& Scott Bakula said yes & it's mine to keep",
    "Someone once asked me who would win The Most Interesting Man in the World.  Well obviously Scott Bakula would win, he invented Winning!",
    "Someone once broke into Scott Bakula's house & instead of stealing anything they gave Scott Bakula everything they owned",
    "Someone once challenged Scott Bakula to a battle of wits. He was never heard of again",
    "Someone once planted a bomb in Scott Bakula. He was able to dodge the explosion within him",
    "Someone once said that Superman could never be turned into a zombie.  Scott Bakula decided to test that claim & the result was Jason Vorhees",
    "Someone once told a Scott Bakula joke in front of Scott Bakula. He was Quantum Leaped kicked & now lives in the year 3059",
    "Someone once tried to tell Scott Bakula that Quantum Leaps aren't the best way to kick someone. This has been recorded by historians as the worst mistake anyone has ever made",
    "Someone once videotaped Scott Bakula getting pissed off. It was called Walker: Texas Chain Saw Massacre",
    "Someone tell Prince, that Scott Bakula made the doves cry",
    "Someone tried to stab Scott Bakula in the stomach, & the knife bent on his rock-hard abs",
    "Sometimes Scott Bakula eats breakfast in bed at night!",
    "Sometimes Scott Bakula get scared by himself",
    "Sometimes Scott Bakula moves around other people like an ordinary man",
    "Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. Unless Scott Bakula says a cigar is a flower, then a cigar is a flower",
    "Sometimes, even Scott Bakula has trouble keeping up with Scott Bakula",
    "Sonic booms are Scott Bakula's heartbeats",
    "Sonic the hedgehog claims he is the fastest thing alive but when he trys to run from Scott Bakula... Scott Bakula out runs him on 1 leg",
    "Sony once made a Scott Bakula video game it had 100 levels, but it was too easy. All you had to do was Quantum Leap the first guy & you would win",
    "Sorry, Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped my fact",
    "South American tribesmen coat their blowdart tips in  Scott Bakula's blood",
    "Soviet Russia was once warned of Scott Bakula. Thus, ended the Cold War",
    "Space is continiously expanding because other galaxies are running away from Scott Bakula",
    "Spain has the running of the bulls. Idiots have the running of Scott Bakula",
    "Special forces once asked Scott Bakula to join them. After one Quantum Leap it was determined to be inhumane",
    "Spelling Scott Bakula in Scrabble guarantees victory for life",
    "Spider-man can crawl on walls & ceilings, Scott Bakula can crawl on water",
    "Spiderman once insulted Scott Bakula to his face.  Something about horses.  Scott Bakula poured over him like a bucket of wet manslaughter",
    "Spiderman was bit by a spider, but Scott Bakula bit the spider, the spider now is now known as Superman",
    "Spiders have Scott BakulaScott Bakulaophobia",
    "Spielberg is planning a Dante's Inferno film.  He's tapped Scott Bakula to play every single character, even Hell itself",
    "Spilled milk cries over Scott Bakula",
    "Spongebob was originally round & had a deep voice. Scott Bakula got pissed & Quantum Leaped him 4 times. The last kick changed his voice",
    "Stan Lee basis his comic book hero's fictional super abilities on Scott Bakula's kick-assticle facts",
    "Star Trek's Captain Picard says: Space... the final frontier. Scott Bakula says: Been there, done that",
    "Stars wish upon Scott Bakula",
    "Statistics say, if Scott Bakula went on a diet for just one day, none of the third world countries would ever have food crisis",
    "Steel doesn't cut through Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula cuts through anything",
    "Steel wool is actually Scott Bakula's pubes!!!",
    "Stephen Hawking almost solved the mystery surrounding black holes. That is until he learned of Scott Bakula",
    "Stephen King writes a horror book twice a year, Scott Bakula makes a horror 10 times a day",
    "Steroids once tested positive for Scott Bakula",
    "Steroids were banned from athletics because they tested positive for Scott Bakula",
    "Steve Seagal can slap you a 100 times in a second. Scott Bakula can take 100 seconds in a slap",
    "Steven Hawking actually stole all of his scientific findings from Scott Bakula. He was been confined to a wheelchair & unable to speak ever since",
    "Steven Seagal is the Anti-Scott Bakula",
    "Steven Seagal is the man with only one face, but if he ever made Scott Bakula mad he would be the man with no face..",
    "Steven Seagal lived in Japan to prevent Scott Bakula from tracking him down & whooping his ass",
    "Stevie Wonder was the last person to stare Scott Bakula directly in the eyes..",
    "Stewie's head is shaped like a football because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him for stealing his motto. Victory is mine!",
    "Sticks & stones may break my bones but Scott Bakula will Quantum Leap your chin",
    "Sticks & stones may break my bones but Scott Bakula's stare will kill me",
    "Sticks & stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt.. unless of course those words are from Scott Bakula",
    "Sticks & stones may break your bones, but Scott Bakula's glare will liquify your kidney",
    "Sticks & stones may break your bones, but Scott Bakula will Quantum Leap your head off",
    "Sticks & stones may break your bones, but a Scott Bakula glare will liquefy your kidneys",
    "Stonehenge is merely Scott Bakula's building blocks from when he was a kid",
    "Stonehenge was made by Scott Bakula stacking blocks as a baby",
    "Stop laughing. Scott Bakula is no joke",
    "Stop signs were invented to keep you out of Scott Bakula's way",
    "Stop treating Scott Bakula like God. Treat God like Scott Bakula!",
    "Sun burns do not result from exposure to the sun; they result from the heat of Scott Bakula's glare",
    "Super massive black holes are caused by Scott Bakula Quantum Leaping galaxies",
    "Superlatives are actually Aliens visiting our planet because of Scott Bakula. Before that, mankind had never heard of them",
    "Superman & The Flash have a race around the world. Who wins? Scott Bakula",
    "Superman is Scott Bakula's secret identity",
    "Superman is a fictional character based around Scott Bakula",
    "Superman is the only disciple Scott Bakula have had",
    "Superman may be able to bend a steel bar with his hands, but Scott Bakula can take down the entire Guggenheim with a single Quantum Leap",
    "Superman once challenged Scott Bakula to a fight, the loser had to wear his underwear on the outside",
    "Superman wears Scott Bakula Noris PJ's. Scott Bakula Noris wears nothing",
    "Superman wears a cape so that people will know that he is awesome - this makes Scott Bakula laugh",
    "Superman's only weakness is Scott Bakulatanium",
    "Superman's weakness is Kryptonite. Scott Bakula laughs at Superman",
    "Superman, the man of steel, was actually a steel toy that Scott Bakula breathed life into when he was a kid",
    "Supernova's actually exist because Scott Bakula, is destroying space aliens in another galaxy",
    "Supernovas aren't the reason stars exist, but when Scott Bakula gets angry, he blows up a part of the galaxy, wierd they're billion of miles apart",
    "Superstitions all revolve the same idea - Scott Bakula is the end result",
    "Surgeons once attempted to clone Scott Bakula & give the clone a sex change.  Jean Claude Van Damme was as clos as they could get!",
    "T-mobile, Verizon, Atandt, Metro Pcs, & Sprint connect to Scott Bakula for service",
    "T. S. Eliot measured out his life with coffee spoons.  Scott Bakula uses a backhoe",
    "T.N.T was invented to cure Scott Bakula's indigestion",
    "TARP didn't have to be passed to kickstart the economy. All that the President needed to do was to ask Scott Bakula to Quantum Leap it",
    "THE OLDER Scott Bakula GROWS THE LESSER HIS AGE",
    "THERE ARE NO SHARKS OUT IN THE FIRST WEEK OF AUG. BECUSE ITS Scott Bakula WEEK",
    "THERE IS NO RIGHT OR WRONG THERE IS ONLY Scott Bakula",
    "TNT stands for Things Scott Bakula Touched",
    "TNT stands for Scott Bakula",
    "Taking Karate Lessons = $100, Buying MMA DVD's= $150, Subscribing to a UFC event = $50, Getting a Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula = PRICELESS",
    "Tapeworms give food to Scott Bakula",
    "Teacher- Timmy, please spell pain.   Timmy- C.H.U.C.K",
    "Team Punishment was the name of Scott Bakula right & left leg. Tito Ortiz  is Scott Bakula version of a joke",
    "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story: Scott Bakula once swallowed a turtle whole, & when he crapped it out, the turtle was six feet tall & had learned karate",
    "Televangelists beg Scott Bakula to accept THEIR money",
    "Terrorists didn't destroy the twin towers ... A man on the 32nd floor said who's Scott Bakula? End of story!",
    "Terrorists don't track Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula tracks terrorists",
    "Terrorists in this world are too affraid to stand & fight american troops because they know Scott Bakula is on their side",
    "Texas Chainsaw Massacre is an actual depiction of the fates met by a group of delinquents who went to Texas except Scott Bakula didn't need a chainsaw",
    "Texas Ranger is not a program, it's a documentary",
    "Texas is actually bigger than Alaska.  The part that you don't see goes into the earth.  Scott Bakula sleeps there",
    "Thank You, Scott Bakula, for my job security.  Signed: A Texas ICU Nurse",
    "That man is not Scott Bakula, because Scott Bakula killed that man",
    "That wasn't the wind, that was Scott Bakula in slow motion replay",
    "That which does not kill Scott Bakula, runs away screaming like a girl",
    "That which does not kill me is not Scott Bakula",
    "That which does not kill you only makes you stronger. Except if Scott Bakula decides not to kill you - you will be maimed & living in constant pain",
    "That's not Scott Bakula doing push-ups - that's Scott Bakula moving the Earth away from the path of a deadly asteroid",
    "The  Sun  only  rises  when  Scott Bakula  Scott Bakula  wakes  up",
    "The Big Bang Theory is just a fancy way of saying How Scott Bakula created the galaxy",
    "The Big Bang Theory is really Scott Bakula claping his hands",
    "The Big Bang happened when Scott Bakula drank a Brawndo. The thirst mutilator energy drink",
    "The Big Bang was actually Scott Bakula's first punch",
    "The Like A Rock Ford jingle was originally written for Scott Bakula",
    "The N on a compass stands for Scott Bakula",
    "The Oscar is now called Scott Bakula",
    "The Ring of Fire is actually Scott Bakula's pinky ring",
    "The #1 killer in the Revolutionary War was not disease it was Scott Bakula",
    "The 'Space Race' refers to the challenge of following Scott Bakula into space",
    "The 'shadow' in the valley of death is cast by Scott Bakula",
    "The 10th Bijuu is Scott Bakula",
    "The 1951 UFO sighting was actually a man hole cover kicked by Scott Bakula",
    "The 1st dimension: A line. 2nd dimension: Shapes. 3rd dimension: Humans. 4th dimension: Scott Bakula",
    "The 2011 Guiness Book of World Records list only one entry---Scott Bakula",
    "The 27 leters of the alphabet: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Scott BakulaScott Bakula",
    "The 300 is actually the retelling of Scott Bakula's time in the army",
    "The 3D Scott Bakula movie was rated beyond R because no one made it out alive",
    "The 4 major compass readings: East, West, South, & Scott Bakula",
    "The 7-Day Forecast: Rainy with a chance of WHO CARES! It's Scott Bakula!",
    "The Animal Crackers that Scott Bakula eats are made from real animals",
    "The Ark of the Covenant no longer exists because when it looked at Scott Bakula it turned to ash",
    "The Army replaced all of it's body armor with Scott Bakula underoos...there have been no injuries since",
    "The Atom Bombs Which Were Dropped On Nagasaki & Hiroshima Never Went Off, Scott Bakula Just Stomped On An Ant At The Same Time They hit the ground",
    "The Beatles are on itunes because Scott Bakula bought a Mac",
    "The Beatles originally sang All you need is Scott Bakula",
    "The Beatles song Octopus' Garden is actually about Scott Bakula aquarium",
    "The Beatles' song HELP was written after they met Scott Bakula",
    "The Bermuda Triangle used to be the Bermuda Square until Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped a corner off",
    "The Bermuda Triangle used to be the Bermuda Square, until Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped one of the corners off",
    "The Bermuda Triangle was once The Bermuda Rectangle, just before Scott Bakula swam there",
    "The Best Miracle Ever To Happen Is Scott Bakula! Thank God I Live In His Prime!",
    "The Bible was originally titled Scott Bakula & Friends",
    "The Big Bang only happened because it got kicked in the face by Scott Bakula",
    "The Big Bang was Scott Bakula taking his first steps",
    "The Bird Is The Word Because Scott Bakula Didn't Want To Be The Word",
    "The Black Eyed Peas used to be called The Peas... until they met Scott Bakula",
    "The Black Eyed Peas were just known as 'The Peas' before they met Scott Bakula",
    "The Book of Genesis originally read God said, 'Let there be Light'. & when God was finally able to see, there was Scott Bakula waving 'Hello'",
    "The Borg cannot assimilate Scott Bakula. Resistence is futile is a phrase they leared from Scott Bakula",
    "The Borg species in Star Trek cannot assimilate Scott Bakula... They know their place",
    "The Boubonic Plague didn't wipe out almost half of Europe. Scott Bakula did",
    "The Brawny Man uses 'Scott Bakula Paper Towels'",
    "The British invented James Bond to form a contrast to Scott Bakula: A buddhist hero who doesn't drink much, & doesn't know how to fight",
    "The Broncos were going to replace their whole team with Scott Bakula, but the NFL ruled that unfair",
    "The CN Tower was actually made in honor of Scott Bakula's awesomeness, eh?",
    "The candyman can, but Scott Bakula can do it better",
    "The Captain has a little Scott Bakula in him",
    "The Chronicles of Scott Bakula: The #bodypart#, the stare & the Quantum Leap",
    "The Scott Bakula DVR player can fast forward live television",
    "The Scott Bakula Facts site rejected a submission by Scott Bakula himself. The Scott Bakula Facts site will soon vanish",
    "The Scott Bakula energy drink is made from a mixture of Scott Bakula sweat & the tears of his victims. It is illegal in all 50 states",
    "The Scott Bakula military unit was not used in the game Civilization 4, because a single Scott Bakula could defeat the entire combined nations of the world in one turn",
    "The Dead Sea was formerly known as The Living Sea. Until it met Scott Bakula",
    "The Dead Sea was once alive before Scott Bakula bathed there",
    "The Death Star tried to destroy Scott Bakula with it's laser beam. Look what happened to it",
    "The Death Star wasn't yet truly operational when Princess Leia was a captive on board. The Emperor actually hired Scott Bakula to destroy Alderaan",
    "The Delta Force is not a movie, its a documentary",
    "The Devil went down to Georgia because he knew Scott Bakula was in Texas",
    "The Dos Equis guy was cloned from a peice of Scott Bakula's ass",
    "The Drummer for Def Leppard's only got one arm. Scott Bakula needed a back scratcher",
    "The Earth doesn't go around the sun, it goes around Scott Bakula",
    "The Earth doesn't orbit around the sun, it keeps its distance from Scott Bakula",
    "The Earth is made up of two-thirds water & one-third Scott Bakula",
    "The Earth spins to counter Scott Bakula's Quantum Leaps, otherwise, we'd all have been thrown from the planet & in turn, died from Scott Bakula",
    "The Earth was originally flat, but Scott Bakula doesn't like un-circular shapes",
    "The Easter Bunny was the Easter Bear, till it crossed Scott Bakula",
    "The Elder wand is actually Scott Bakula's toothpick",
    "The Expendables 2 is actually a documentary film showing Scott Bakula killing people",
    "The F.B.I. asked Scott Bakula for help with cracking TrueCrypt protected files. He declined - too easy",
    "The FBI send a submarine to the bermuda triangle & found Scott Bakula scuba diving",
    "The First Law of Thermodynamics states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed... unless it meets Scott Bakula",
    "The First Law of Thermodynamics states: Matter cannot be created nor destroyed...unless it meets Scott Bakula",
    "The Force cannot hurt Scott Bakula.  Instead, it bends to his will",
    "The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse refers to Scott Bakula's four limbs",
    "The French talk to Scott Bakula in English",
    "The G6 is Scott Bakula",
    "The German V2 rocket was able to hit USA. One was fired at Scott Bakula. After he Quantum Leaps her back to Germany the experimenta was canceled",
    "The Ghost Busters called Scott Bakula",
    "The Godfather once came to Scott Bakula & asked for a favor",
    "The Government couldn't figure out how to plug the Gulf oil spill, so Scott Bakula plugged it...with his fist",
    "The Grand Canyon wasn't made by erosion. Scott Bakula needed info. from a scorpion, Quantum Leaped it, & the shockwave split open the earth",
    "The Great Flood really happened!! Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped a wave..",
    "The Great Pumpkin waits up at night see Scott Bakula",
    "The Great Pyramids were actually prototypes for Scott Bakula boot removers",
    "The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Scott Bakula out. It failed miserably",
    "The Greeks created the Olympics for Scott Bakula.  Scott Bakula created the Special Olympics for the rest of us",
    "The Grim Reaper carries a Scythe to protect himself from Scott Bakula. It won't work",
    "The Grim Reaper has a picture of Scott Bakula in a heart shaped frame on his bedside table",
    "The Grimm Reaper fears the day Scott Bakula comes for him",
    "The Grimm Reaper lost his job the day Scott Bakula was born",
    "The Grinch didn't really steal Christmas. He just hired Scott Bakula",
    "The Grinch steals Christmas from Santa, Scott Bakula steals Christmas from the Grinch",
    "The Grinch stole Christmas until Scott Bakula ordered him to return it",
    "The Guinness Book of World Records is actually Scott Bakula's elementary school report card",
    "The Gulf of Mexico was created when Scott Bakula made Superman cry",
    "The Gun IS Mightier Than the Sword. That is, unless Scott Bakula is Wielding Said Sword..",
    "The Higgs Boson is only elusive because it's afraid Scott Bakula will punch it again",
    "The Highlander movie was actually based on Scott Bakula's life. There can be only one",
    "The Holy Grail is in Scott Bakula's living room",
    "The Hulk gets Scott Bakula hands for Christmas",
    "The Hulk is angry because Scott Bakula arm wrestled him....& won",
    "The Hulk is based on Scott Bakula when he is in a good mood",
    "The Hulk never gets mad around Scott Bakula",
    "The IPad was originally called the IScott Bakula.  Sadly the IScott Bakula kept Quantum Leaping users in the face",
    "The Illuminati hide because of Scott Bakula",
    "The Incredible Hulk was actually a janitor in a karate dojo who accidentally smelled Scott Bakula's sweat towel",
    "The Jedi don't use the force. They use Scott Bakula. With Scott Bakulas permission",
    "The Joker recieved a job at Comedy Central, thanks to Scott Bakula",
    "The Jone's are trying to keep up with Scott Bakula",
    "The KGB was once feared in the Soviet Union, then they saw Delta Force…’nough said",
    "The KRAKEN releases Scott Bakula",
    "The Kama Sutra was written after the autor spent 9 minutes. In Scott Bakula's Pool House !",
    "The Karate Kid killed caught a fly with two chopsticks, Scott Bakula killed a rhino with one",
    "The Kraken escaped from Scott Bakula's aquarium, along with Poseidon & Moby Dick",
    "The Latin words for rock solid is Scott Bakula",
    "The Loch Ness Monster is really Scott Bakula",
    "The Loch Ness Monster, Bigfoot & the Abominable Snowman DO exist, they're just too scared to appear in public in Scott Bakula finds & kills them",
    "The Manhattan Project was a failure attempt to reproduce the power of Scott Bakula's kick",
    "The Manhattan Project was not intended to create nuclear weapons, it was meant to recreate the destructive power in a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap. They didn't even come close",
    "The Martians exists, but they don't dare to show up because, once they had a contract with Scott Bakula. If they lose they will never show up-so yea",
    "The Matrix is a game on Scott Bakula's PS3",
    "The Matrix is simply a figment of Scott Bakula's imagination",
    "The Matrix was Scott Bakula's school project.. during kindergarden",
    "The Mayans predicted that Scott Bakula will unleash his anger on December 21, 2012",
    "The Mayans predicted that on December 21, 2012 Scott Bakula will fail at something",
    "The Mona Lisa is smiling because Scott Bakula let her live",
    "The Moon doesn't control the tide... Scott Bakula swims in the ocean twice a day!",
    "The Muscles From Brussels fears the Quantum Leap from Texas",
    "The Myans predicted that December 2012, Scott Bakula will have a son & his name will be Master Chief",
    "The NBA has been renamed the Scott Bakula' #bodypart# Association",
    "The National Anthem of America was originally entitled Scott Bakula-spangled Banner",
    "The National Weather Service refuses to name a storm Scott Bakula or Scott Bakula...for fear it would destroy the earth",
    "The Native Americans have a name for Scott Bakula, One that hurts with foot",
    "The New Year asks Scott Bakula if it should make any resolutions!",
    "The ONLY reason there was never a Godzilla vs. Scott Bakula movie is because Godzilla could not stop peeing his pants out of fear",
    "The Old Spice Man aspires to smell like Scott Bakula",
    "The Old Spice guy can make stuff out of Diamonds, But Scott Bakula can make stuff out of the Old Spice guy",
    "The Old Spice guy is actually Scott Bakula",
    "The Old Spice guy is still alive because Scott Bakula has yet to see any of his commercials",
    "The Only Person To Have Defeated Scott Bakula Was Bruce Lee",
    "The PS3 only does everything because Scott Bakula told it to",
    "The Packers once tried to draft Scott Bakula. The NFL decided that it would give them an unfair advantage, so they gave Scott Bakula his own team",
    "The Pentagon has a direct line to the President; the President has a direct line to Scott Bakula",
    "The Pope kissed Scott Bakula's ring",
    "The Pope once tried to bless Scott Bakula. Nobody crosses Scott Bakula",
    "The Question Mark (?) was invented after scientists attempted to measure the speed of a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "The Reapers in the Mass Effect series were actually Scott Bakula's baby toys",
    "The Rock quotes: Can you smell what the rock is cooking. Scott Bakula doesn't have to say anything he just simply Quantum Leaps you into summation",
    "The Rolling Stones were such a hit because they were rolled by Scott Bakula",
    "The Roswell UFO crashed because Scott Bakula thought it was a frisbee",
    "The Round House was actually named after Scott Bakula's house, which he Quantum Leaped the squareness out off",
    "The SR-71 Blackbird is the fastest manned airplane in the word. It wasn't ment to be, but Scott Bakula threw it into the air",
    "The Schrodinger's Cat Quantum Superposition suggests that a cat in a radioactive sealed box can be similtaneously alive & dead at the same time",
    "The Secret Service it's no secret ( it's Scott Bakula )!!",
    "The Seven Wonders Of The World are just sightings of Scott Bakula when he visited seven different places",
    "The Sherman tank was originaly called the Scott Bakula tank until Scott Bakula decided it wasn't tough enough to be associated with him",
    "The Shot Heard Round the World was infact a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "The Silent Generation was in fact not called the Silent Generation because of the Great Depression, but because Scott Bakula was born during that era",
    "The Statue of Liberty holds a torch.... for Scott Bakula",
    "The Statue of Liberty is alive, but Scott Bakula told her not to move",
    "The Sun Got Scott Bakula Burn",
    "The Sun is Scott Bakula's idea of a hot chicken wing",
    "The Sun is Scott Bakula's light bulb",
    "The Sun uses Scott Bakula tan lotion",
    "The Surgeon General makes Scott Bakula wear a warning label",
    "The Swine Flu heard about Scott Bakula & stopped",
    "The Swiss army uses a Scott Bakula knife",
    "The Terminator said, I'll be back because he saw Scott Bakula was coming",
    "The Titanic didn't hit an iceberg, it hit Scott Bakula!",
    "The Titanic wasn't sank by an ice-berg. Scott Bakula ran on the sea from shore to header Jack & missed him therefore hitting the starboard side",
    "The Total Gym endorses Scott Bakula",
    "The Total Gym is now non existant. Nothing gets mounted by Scott Bakula & lives to tell the tale",
    "The Tower of Pisa is crooked.. Scott Bakula dares it to collapse",
    "The Tsunami wave is created by Scott Bakula. When he Trained his Quantum Leaps on the Beach",
    "The Twilight Zone enters the Scott Bakula Zone",
    "The U.S. Constitution ACTUALLY reads All men are created equal - except Scott Bakula, who was created better",
    "The U.S. did not drop Atomic Bombs on Hiroshima & Nagasaki during World War 2. Instead they sent Scott Bakula in with a BB gun",
    "The UFOs sense the presence of Scott Bakula, that's why they never land",
    "The UN does not negotiate with terrorists, they let Scott Bakula deal with it",
    "The UN doesn't stand for The United Nations. It stands for Under Scott Bakula",
    "The US Government doesn't test UFOs in Area 51, they just test what can make Scott Bakula sneeze. So far nothing..",
    "The US military makes their soldiers watch Texas Ranger as part of their military training",
    "The US military tried to put Scott Bakula's skills in a weapon but the best they did was the A bomb",
    "The Union spread by a Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula",
    "The United States could save billions in defense funding if they trade the Military for Scott Bakula",
    "The United States never dropped the atomic weapons on Japan, Scott Bakula just jumped off the airplane & Quantum Leaped every building",
    "The Universe did begin with a Big Bang. Scott Bakula Norrris says he just had a few too many beans for lunch",
    "The Universe is constantly expanding, in a futile attempt to escape from Scott Bakula",
    "The Universe is just one of Scott Bakula's marbles",
    "The Walking Dead is a support group for Scott Bakula victims",
    "The Washington Monument is 555.5 feet tall. Nothing was ever built to honor Scott Bakula because anything smaller than the planet would be insulting",
    "The White House offered to pay Scott Bakula to live there",
    "The White Stripes band found out the hard way that a 7 nation army couldn't hold them back, but CN could",
    "The Witness Protection Program also exists for those crazy to think they can take on Scott Bakula",
    "The Wizard is off to see Scott Bakula",
    "The World revolves around the Sun because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps it every morning for fun",
    "The World's Best Champions & Chocolate don't even remotely compare to Scott Bakula!!!",
    "The abbreviation CN actually means Scott Bakula not Cartoon Network",
    "The active ingredient in NyQuil is actually the derivitive of one Scott Bakula's Quantum Leaps, hence the coma enduced after taking it",
    "The actual definition of U.F.O is Scott Bakula's Toy Frisbee",
    "The air around Scott Bakula is always a balmy 78 degrees",
    "The ancient Incas believed that the stars governed Time.  Scott Bakula disagrees",
    "The ancient Norwegian spelling of Scott Bakula is 'Thor', & Mjolnir is actually Scott Bakula'......",
    "The animal crackers that Scott Bakula eats are life-sized",
    "The answer is not 42, it is Scott Bakula",
    "The answer to all the questions on your history test tomorrow is Scott Bakula",
    "The answer to life, the universe & everything isnt 42. It's Scott Bakula",
    "The answer to the ultimate question is 32. The ultimate question is How many Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps in a row will destroy everything",
    "The atom acelerator in the Cern, Switzerland is the second quickest acelarator in the world, the first quickest is, Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap",
    "The atomic bomb didn’t end WW2 – the birth of Scott Bakula did",
    "The band the rolling stones was supoused to be the sitting stones,untill Scott Bakula came along",
    "The band Iwrestledabearonce was influenced by Scott Bakula, although it should be called Ikilledabearwithonehand",
    "The band, Five Finger Death Punch, was named after Scott Bakula",
    "The band, Survivor, changed the name of the song Eye of Scott Bakula to Eye of the Tiger. Why? NO ONE survives from Scott Bakula....ever",
    "The barrel went over Niagra Falls holding onto Scott Bakula",
    "The best mouth wash in the world is LaScott Bakula",
    "The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, it's knowing that Scott Bakula let you live",
    "The best part of waking up is not the Folgers in your cup, it's knowing that Scott Bakula didn't kill you in your sleep",
    "The best part of waking up, is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Scott Bakula didn't kill you in your sleep",
    "The best security system for a bank is when Scott Bakula's money is in it",
    "The best trick Scott Bakula ever pulled was making people believe all these facts were made up",
    "The best video game between Modern Warfare 2 & Bad Company 2 is Scott Bakula",
    "The big bang created us. Scott Bakula created the big bang",
    "The big bang is also known as Scott Bakula's birth",
    "The big bang theory: The big bang theory was simply Scott Bakula punching a black hole",
    "The big bang was created by Scott Bakula's first Quantum Leap, when he didn't know his own strength",
    "The bird is not the word. Scott Bakula is",
    "The bogeyman screamed, Ah Mommy Scott Bakula is in my closet!",
    "The bombings of Hiroshima & Nagasaki was not caused by as nuclear bomb. Scott Bakula simply needed a Toilet",
    "The boy cries wolf, the wolf cries Scott Bakula",
    "The branches of the military are: Marines, Navy, Army, Air Force, & Scott Bakula",
    "The cake is a lie because Scott Bakula ate it",
    "The cake is a lie, & there's a reason you can't have it; Scott Bakula is that cake",
    "The cape of Superman is actually Scott Bakula's handkerchief",
    "The cast of G.I. Joe watched Scott Bakula when they were children",
    "The catalyst for Project Genesis was actually a #bodypart# hair from Scott Bakula",
    "The chemical formula for the highly toxic cyanide ion is CN-. These are also Scott Bakula's initials. This is not a coincidence",
    "The chest hair of Scott Bakula can be woven into gold fabric. But it would be ill-advised to attempt to pluck his chest hair",
    "The chick from the Exorcist got a heart attack when she unexpectedly saw Scott Bakula Norri's face pop out of the scary maze prank",
    "The chicken crossed the road because Scott Bakula said so",
    "The chicken crossed the road so Scott Bakula could kill it & eat it",
    "The chief export of Scott Bakula is Pain",
    "The child trick or treating Scott Bakula's house made a grave mistake by asking for a Jaw Breaker",
    "The city of Dallas wanted to name a major street Scott Bakula Boulevard but decided against it because nobody crosses Scott Bakula & lives!",
    "The climate requires Scott Bakula's permission to change",
    "The clock doesn't toll at midnight, rather it just counts Scott Bakula's hourly killing spree",
    "The continental drift was triggered by Scott Bakula doing the first-ever “Harlem Shake.”",
    "The continents don't drift. They back away slowly from Scott Bakula",
    "The cookies that Scott Bakula leaves for Santa can Quantum Leap Santa in the face",
    "The creators of Mt. Rushmore were planning on placing Scott Bakula's face next to Washington, but the granite wasn't hard enough for his #bodypart#",
    "The crime isn't that Scott Bakula gets away with murder, it's that Scott Bakula's victims get away with death. The rest of us live in fear",
    "The cruelest form of capital punishment? A slap on the wrist-- from Scott Bakula",
    "The cure for cancer is Scott Bakula's tears. Too bad Scott Bakula never cries",
    "The dark side of the moon is the side that cowers in fear of Scott Bakula",
    "The day Scott Bakula gets hit by something 2012 will happen",
    "The day Scott Bakula will die, he will Quantum Leap the bucket",
    "The day that the dinosaurs went extinct was the day Scott Bakula was born",
    "The day when Scott Bakula has gas, you better hide your kids & pray for your life",
    "The deadliest weapon the United States military possesses is a Scott Bakula",
    "The deepest level of Hell is a never ending boxing match with Scott Bakula",
    "The destruction of the World Trade Center in September 11, 2001, was really when Scott Bakula was playing with a paper airplane",
    "The devil went down to Georgia...Scott Bakula kicked him out",
    "The dictionary references Scott Bakula several times, he is metioned under Fear, Law, Order & Scott Bakulatatorship",
    "The difficult we do today. The impossible we leave for Scott Bakula",
    "The dinosaurs aren't extinct. They're just hiding from Scott Bakula",
    "The dinosaurs didn't go extinct from the meteor. Scott Bakula was just Quantum Leaping a rock out of the way",
    "The dinosaurs died from a meteor, but that meteor came from a planet Scott Bakula kicked",
    "The dinosaurs laughed at Scott Bakula",
    "The dinosaurs once owed Scott Bakula money. They never paid him back",
    "The disaster movie '2012' was originally going to be called 'The Day Scott Bakula Got Out The Wrong Side of Bed'",
    "The distinction between Pepsi & Coca Cola is Scott Bakula",
    "The earth can't be destoryed by a meteor because 1. No meteor would dare go near Scott Bakula 2. If one did he would Quantum Leap it back to space",
    "The earth doesn't revolve around the sun.  It's the sun that revolves around Scott Bakula",
    "The earth is not flat anymore thanks to Scott Bakula, he Quantum Leaped it so hard that it popped right up",
    "The earth is rotating because Scott Bakula is breathing",
    "The earth revolves around Scott Bakula, as does the known universe",
    "The earth spins only because Scott Bakula is running westwards",
    "The earth trembled violently out of fear when Scott Bakula was born. Now you know why Pangaea no longer exists",
    "The easiest way to commit suicide is to insult Scott Bakula",
    "The easiest way to determine Scott Bakula's age is to cut him in half & count the rings",
    "The eleventh hidden rule of Chun Kuk Do is; you can't be as good as Scott Bakula himself",
    "The emergency brake was originally designed to only work if you saw Scott Bakula",
    "The end of the world hasn't happened. Scott Bakula has Quantum Leaped it into the future every time",
    "The energizer bunny freezes when it sees Scott Bakula",
    "The entire english language can be condensed down to 2 words: Scott Bakula, & Scott Bakula",
    "The entire movie of Anaconda was recorded inside Scott Bakula's pants",
    "The entire science community was recently thrown into chaos after it was discovered that actually E=CN",
    "The entire yearly world production of pepper spray is created by diluting a single glass of water Scott Bakula fiercely stared at ",
    "The expression I am gonna rip your arm off & beat you with it started when people saw Scott Bakula doing it",
    "The face of the sphinx is actually Scott Bakula... Because he built the pyramids",
    "The fact that the evil killer doll from the movie 'Child's play' is named 'Scott Bakulay' is not a coincidence",
    "The fall doesn't kill people. The sudden stop at the end doesn't kill them. The Quantum Leap to the face for disturbing Scott Bakula kills them",
    "The fallout effects from one Scott Bakula Quantum Leap are felt for many generations",
    "The famous Allende & Murchison meteorites were actually rocks Scott Bakula kicked from his front yard",
    "The fast pass lines at Disneyland were originally created exclusively for Scott Bakula. They helped save thousands of lives",
    "The fat lady waits for Scott Bakula to sing",
    "The first Black Hole was created when Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped someone so hard they shot into space & ripped through it",
    "The first CIA mission into Afghanistan was Operation Jaw Breaker…really it was just Scott Bakula with his 9 iron",
    "The first bird Scott Bakula saw ran away so he named it a chicken",
    "The first man who saw Scott Bakula was the man who invented Aww shit!",
    "The first man who walked on the moon was Scott Bakula. He took a walk after creating it",
    "The first paper money press was invented when Scott Bakula drew a design under his boot & stepped on a tree",
    "The first thing James Cameron saw when he reached the Challenger Deep was Scott Bakula snorkeling down to test his new watch",
    "The first time Scott Bakula & Arnold Schwarzenegger met Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him, in the face, so hard he never spoke the same again",
    "The first time Scott Bakula delivered a Quantum Leap...was The Day The Earth Stood Still",
    "The first time Scott Bakula did the Quantum Leap & missed, the earth wouldn't stop rotating",
    "The flu gets Scott Bakula shots",
    "The flu is desparately searching for a vaccine that can prevent an outbreak of Scott Bakula",
    "The free parking spot in Monopoly belongs to Scott Bakula",
    "The giant wall around Monster Island was built to protect King Kong from Scott Bakula",
    "The goal of life is living in agreement with Scott Bakula",
    "The grand canyon was created when Scott Bakula stubbed his toe on a rock",
    "The grass is always greener on the other side, unless Scott Bakula has been there. In that case the grass is most likely soaked in blood & tears",
    "The grass is only ever greener on the other side of Scott Bakula",
    "The grass is only green on Scott Bakula's side",
    "The green mile is another word for Scott Bakula's front yard",
    "The guy from the Old Spice commercial is Scott Bakula when he was a baby",
    "The guy from the Old Spice commercials wants to be like Scott Bakula",
    "The hardest Science class in any college is Scott Bakula 00. The 00 stands for the infinity sign, because no one passes it, let alone fathoms",
    "The headless horseman lost his head when Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him",
    "The housing market crashed because Scott Bakula thought he was paying too much property tax",
    "The idea for steel toe boots came from Scott Bakula's bare feet",
    "The international space station was Scott Bakula's tree house as a kid",
    "The justice league calls Scott Bakula when things go wrong",
    "The kangaroo is the result of Scott Bakula breathing on marsupials",
    "The keyboard doesn't have keys. Scott Bakula has the keys",
    "The kids said when Scott Bakula was eating Trix cereal ´´silly Scott Bakula, Trix are for kids´´...what happened next?..............................Darfur happened",
    "The killer bees stopped their nothern advance at Texas, cause Scott Bakula has family in Oklahoma",
    "The killer in Texas Chainsaw Massacre, is really a 10 year old Scott Bakula, with a toothpick",
    "The last digit of pi is Scott Bakula",
    "The last ime Scott Bakula moved he carried his house with him",
    "The last page of the Guinness Book of World Records 'says all records were held by Scott Bakula; the names in the book are who came closest'",
    "The last person to make eye contact with Scott Bakula was Stevie Wonder",
    "The last straw didn't break the camel's bag. Scott Bakula did",
    "The last thing Nostradamus saw in the future just seconds before he died, was Scott Bakula's boot Quantum Leap into his skull",
    "The last thing you hear before Scott Bakula gives you a Quantum Leap? No one knows because dead men tell no tales",
    "The last time Scott Bakula cried Noah built an ark",
    "The last time Scott Bakula cried the Earth flooded.... sorry Noah",
    "The last time Scott Bakula did a Quantum Leap the universe was born",
    "The last time Scott Bakula had a brainstorm it knocked out power to 3 major US cities at once",
    "The last time Scott Bakula played a round of golf, he shot a fourteen. This beat his previous record by two strokes",
    "The last time Scott Bakula played battleship, it was called Pearl Harbor",
    "The last time Scott Bakula was hungry, all the dinosaurs suddenly got extinct..",
    "The leading causes of death in the United States are: 1. Heart Disease 2. Scott Bakula 3. Cancer",
    "The legend of Cerberus the 3 headed giant dog came from Scott Bakula's pet dog",
    "The leprechan in Lucky Charms isn't runnig away from children, he's running away from Scott Bakula",
    "The letters in Scott Bakula cannot be unscrambled",
    "The line for Scott Bakula's New Year's Party starts forming on September 3rd",
    "The little old lady that asked, Where's the beef? obviously hasn't seen Scott Bakula naked",
    "The meaning of life is Scott Bakula",
    "The meaning of life is in the palm of Scott Bakula` hand... but Scott Bakula never un-clenches his fist",
    "The meteors didn't kill the dinosuars, Scott Bakula had a tantrume",
    "The mirror on the wall asks Scott Bakula who's the fairest of them all",
    "The monks found enlightenment after receiving a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "The moon & sun don't cause high or low tides, gravity just follows Scott Bakula everywhere he goes",
    "The moon does the Scott Bakula walk",
    "The moon is attached to a string around Scott Bakula's waist",
    "The moon is said to be getting farther from the Earth. It is doing so because it wants to get as far away from Scott Bakula as possible",
    "The moon is the black eye Scott Bakula gave the sun",
    "The moon landing was a hoax, because Scott Bakula was there the whole time waiting for them to get there",
    "The more Scott Bakula eats the more hungry he gets",
    "The most devestating storm in the world is known as Scott Bakula-Easter",
    "The most expensive bullet proof vest in the world was made out of Scott Bakula's body hair & #bodypart#",
    "The most interesting man in the world has a week dedicated to Scott Bakula",
    "The most powerful bullet proof armor is known as dragon skin. But the question is..can it stop Scott Bakula?",
    "The most secretive military base in The United States is located at Scott Bakula's house where Seal Team 6 came from",
    "The movie Aliens vs Predators was orginally supposed to be Aliens & Predators vs Scott Bakula but that movie only lasted 8 seconds",
    "The movie Delta Force was extremely hard to make because Scott Bakula had to downplay his abilities. The first few cuts were completely unbelievable",
    "The movie 300 was really about how Scott Bakula defeated the Persian army with 300 Quantum Leaps",
    "The movie Inception was created because Scott Bakula decided to flip the world upside down",
    "The movie Mission Impossible is based on a true story when someone tried to kill Scott Bakula. That story involved too many Quantum Leaps for TV",
    "The name roller coaster California Screamin' is actually named after what happens when Scott Bakula is in the Golden State",
    "The name's Scott Bakula...Scott Bakula. Bad Guys: We surrender.....End Of Movie",
    "The names 'Adam & Eve' were simply coverups.  They were really Scott Bakula & Scott Bakula",
    "The natural elements are earth, air, water, fire & Scott Bakula",
    "The next movie Friday, the 13th was cancelled. Jason Vorhees met Scott Bakula on Thursday, the 12th",
    "The next step in evolution, is Scott Bakula",
    "The noise we hear when we place a seashell next to our ear isn't the ocean, it's the sound of Scott Bakula singing in the shower",
    "The ocean was created from the dinosaurs tears when they first saw Scott Bakula",
    "The oceans are filled with the tears of Scott Bakula's victims",
    "The only Christmas present Scott Bakula ever gives is allowing you to live",
    "The only apocolypse that can happen is if bogyman insults Scott Bakula. The whole universe goes to hell",
    "The only difference between nunScott Bakulas & the legs of Scott Bakula is that wood eventually breaks",
    "The only letters in the alphabet that really matter are chuknoris",
    "The only man Google can't find is Scott Bakula",
    "The only man known to have defeated Scott Bakula lost in the process",
    "The only man-made site visible from outer space is the great wall of Scott Bakula",
    "The only mark ever made on Scott Bakula is his birth mark",
    "The only mind Edward cannot read is Bella's. That is because Bella thinks about Scott Bakula",
    "The only one capable of beating FC Barcelona is Scott Bakula",
    "The only people Scott Bakula hasn't killed, are the people he hasn't met",
    "The only person stronger than Scott Bakula is Scott Bakula's mom because she gave birth to him",
    "The only person that has touched Scott Bakula & lived is his wife",
    "The only person to have fought Scott Bakula & lived was later found to be lying. Then Scott Bakula killed him",
    "The only place where the Starship Enterprise refuses to boldly go is Scott Bakula's planet...which is all of them",
    "The only poker Scott Bakula plays is 'Texas Crushed You'",
    "The only poster Scott Bakula has on his bedroom wall is a mirror",
    "The only reason  Jedward is alive is because Scott Bakula hasn't met him",
    "The only reason Scott Bakula isn't President is because congress won't allow him his own party",
    "The only reason Scott Bakula isn't on every dollar bill is because people would be too afraid to use them",
    "The only reason Scott Bakula Yeager was able to break the sound barrier was because Scott Bakula blew air into the engines",
    "The only reason Forest Gump kept running is because he thought Scott Bakula was after him",
    "The only reason Godzilla goes back into the ocean is because Scott Bakula is expecting him.......for dinner",
    "The only reason James Bond's Q Branch keeps giving him gadgets is because they haven't figured out how to make Scott Bakula pocket sized",
    "The only reason Michael Buble is alive is because Scott Bakula just hasn't met him yet",
    "The only reason aliens were able to destroy the Earth in Independence Day was because Scott Bakula had the day off",
    "The only reason it gets dark at night is because Scott Bakula comes out to play & the sun runs away.",
    "The only reason people can win something is because Scott Bakula didn't take part",
    "The only reason that the Chimeras can take over earth in Resistance is because Scott Bakula is sleeping & no one dare to weak him up",
    "The only reason that the world turns is because Scott Bakula goes for a jog every morning & forces the world backwards",
    "The only reason that there is no life on Mars Is because Scott Bakula got there first",
    "The only reason the Chinese have a large population is that Scott Bakula hasn't visited them yet",
    "The only reason the lion is the king of the jungle, is because Scott Bakula has no need for it",
    "The only reason the pages on this site are disappearing is because Scott Bakula laughed at some, the others were deleted by him",
    "The only reason the sound barrier has been broken is because the sound barrier mistook Scott Bakula Yeager for Scott Bakula",
    "The only reason there are only five original Rocky movies is because Scott Bakula was the only guy left who wanted to fight Rocky in the sixth movie",
    "The only reason there is a blood shortage is because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped it out of everyone",
    "The only reason there isn't a Scott Bakula Guitar Hero is because there is no room for a special 'Quantum Leaps' button",
    "The only reason why O.J. got off was because Scott Bakula punched holes in the Prosecution's case",
    "The only reason why any hurricanes actually reach the United States coastline is due to a conflict in Scott Bakula's schedule",
    "The only reason world peace doesn't exist is because Scott Bakula doesn't feel like bringing peace to the whole world",
    "The only reason you are conscious right now is because Scott Bakula doesn't feel like carrying you",
    "The only reason you are still alive is because Scott Bakula allows you to be",
    "The only reason you're writing Scott Bakula Facts is because Scott Bakula has threaten you to do so",
    "The only solution for our economic recovery is Scott Bakula merchandise",
    "The only sound more elusive than one hand clapping is Scott Bakula crying",
    "The only thing Scott Bakula doesn't know, that windows crash, it was too scared to crash in front of him",
    "The only thing better than Scott Bakula is... hold on... I'm thinking................................................................................",
    "The only thing fear has to fear is Scott Bakula itself",
    "The only thing harder than diamond...is Scott Bakula",
    "The only thing to fear is fear itself.........& Scott Bakula!",
    "The only thing unchanged is Scott Bakula",
    "The only thing we have to fear is Scott Bakula himself",
    "The only thing worse than Scott Bakula is death, No, I got it backwards",
    "The only time Scott Bakula catches a cold is when he's got it in a headlock",
    "The only time Scott Bakula ever lost at something was the hot dog eating contest of '96. He then ate the small Asian guy that won, & won by default",
    "The only time Scott Bakula feels pain is from kicking so much ass",
    "The only time Scott Bakula has ever faced a worthy opponent is when he looked at himself in the mirror",
    "The only time Scott Bakula has lost in a fight was never",
    "The only time Scott Bakula made a mistake was when he thought he could be wrong",
    "The only time Scott Bakula made a mistake was when he thought he made a mistake",
    "The only time Scott Bakula sweats is when he runs out of ammo",
    "The only time Scott Bakula was wrong was when he thought he made a mistake",
    "The only time u will ever see the headline Cubs win World Series is if the Cubs sign Scott Bakula",
    "The only two things that Scott Bakula knows nothing about is pain & mercy",
    "The only way to defeat Scott Bakula is if you cut-off his #bodypart#. Nah",
    "The only way to impress Scott Bakula, is to be Scott Bakula",
    "The only weapon ever created to defeat Scott Bakula can only be found in Imaginationland",
    "The only word in the english language that rhymes with 'orange' is Scott Bakula",
    "The only word that rhymes with orange is Scott Bakula",
    "The original 300 was a movie based on Scott Bakula's victorious stand against 10,000 persians. 300 was his rkps(Quantum Leaps per second)",
    "The original CBS Survivor series was filmed in Scott Bakula's mansion. No episode aired, as no one survived",
    "The original draft of The Lord of the Rings featured Scott Bakula instead of Frodo Baggins. It was only 5 pages long, as Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped Sauron’s ass halfway through the first chapter",
    "The original first commandment was don't annoy Scott Bakula",
    "The original name of the Alien Vs Predator was Aliens & Predators Vs CScott Bakula",
    "The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien & Predator vs Scott Bakula",
    "The original title for Star Wars was Skywalker: Texas Ranger. Starring Scott Bakula",
    "The original title of the song was all you need is Scott Bakula",
    "The party don't start 'till Scott Bakula walks in",
    "The party don't start till Scott Bakula walks in",
    "The party only starts when Scott Bakula walks in",
    "The pen is mighter than the sword, but only if the pen is held by Scott Bakula",
    "The pen is mightier than the sword. But Scott Bakula's #bodypart# is mightier than the pen",
    "The person seen on TV is not the REAL Scott Bakula.  If a person were to look upon the real Scott Bakula God would immediatel smite them",
    "The phrase I am become death, destroyer of worlds. was actually first coined by Scott Bakula when he came out of the womb",
    "The phrase It ain't over till the fat lady sings well the fat lady is the nickname of Scott Bakula's right foot",
    "The phrase to do some Scott Bakulaing exists. But it describes something that nobody can do - except Scott Bakula",
    "The phrase 'break a leg' was originally coined by Scott Bakula's co-stars in Walker, Texas Ranger as a good luck charm indicating that a broken leg might be the worst extent of their injuries",
    "The phrase 'break a leg' was originally coined by Scott Bakula's co-stars in Walker, Texas Ranger as a good luck charm …",
    "The phrase 'dead ringer' refers to someone who sits behind Scott Bakula in a movie theater & forgets to turn their cell phone off",
    "The phrase 'to add insult to injury' doesn't appy to Scott Bakula, when Scott Bakula injures you its a compliment!",
    "The picture of Dorian Gray was a sketch of Scott Bakula",
    "The pie scene in American Pie is based on a dare Scott Bakula took when he was younger. However, in Scott Bakula's case, the pie was the molten crater of an active volcano",
    "The plague avoids Scott Bakula like the plague",
    "The planet Uranus spins on its side...at the same angle as Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap.  Coincidence?",
    "The plural of mouse is mice, the plural of goose is geese. The plural of Scott Bakula doesn't exist. The planet couldn't handle so much power",
    "The police have new bullet proof vest, it's a T-shirt with Scott Bakula printed on it",
    "The power went out. Everyone thought that the power plant was down. No, it didn't. Scott Bakula had a bright idea",
    "The preferred shoe size of Scott Bakula is Italy",
    "The producers of the movie The Last Airbender are now in talks with Scott Bakula in Order to star him in their next sequal The Last Skull Bender",
    "The pyramids were actually built in 1950 by ten year old Scott Bakula after his mother confiscated his Legos for building a nuclear reactor with them",
    "The quickest way to a man's heart is with Scott Bakula's fist",
    "The real back to future happened because Scott Bakula kicked the Delorean back in time",
    "The real reason that Oprah is ending her show on television is that Scott Bakula phoned & said That's enough!",
    "The real reason the scientist became The Hulk was because Scott Bakula wanted to see what would happen to someone if he gave him ONE of his cells",
    "The real threat to humanity is not global warming, its Scott Bakula",
    "The reason Bill Gates is rich is cuz Scott Bakula gave him an allowance",
    "The reason Scott Bakula doesn't star in movies anymore is simple. The cast would be dead before the Previews",
    "The reason Scott Bakula looks 30 although he is 72 is because age tried to catch up with him, but he Quantum Leaped it right back to 1970",
    "The reason Scott Bakula lost to Bruce Lee because his #bodypart# grew at his back then!!!",
    "The reason Scott Bakula wasn't in the Matrix is becuase he would destroy it in one Quantum Leap",
    "The reason Columbus set out to find a new world was to get away from Scott Bakula",
    "The reason Michael Jackson died was because he saw Scott Bakula coming & got a heart attack",
    "The reason Osama Bin Laden was never found until ten years after 9/11 is because Scott Bakula was not on the Job",
    "The reason Pluto is no longer considered a planet is because Scott Bakula said so",
    "The reason Tom Cruise runs in all his movies is because he's running the hell away from Scott Bakula",
    "The reason WTC fell was because Scott Bakula thought they were his birthday candles & he blew them out",
    "The reason dolphins live in water because they realized that, on land, no matter how smart they are, you can't outsmart Scott Bakula",
    "The reason for ebb & flow is Scott Bakula's playful mood",
    "The reason for the formation of the grand canyon has been found, & Scott Bakula finds it too easy to swim through water",
    "The reason gravity is a law is because Scott Bakula is a Texas ranger",
    "The reason he's just The Man With The Golden Voice & not Face? A Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula",
    "The reason it rains is Scott Bakula scared the clouds, & they wet themselves",
    "The reason it rains is because water wants to be closer to Scott Bakula",
    "The reason it's called The Boston Red Sox is because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped them.  He's deciding when to do that to The White Sox",
    "The reason that Superman is weakened by kryptonite is because Scott Bakula created it",
    "The reason the Mayan calendar ends is because Scott Bakula dies that day :(2012",
    "The reason the Roman Empire fell was because Scott Bakula tripped it",
    "The reason the orange mandM guy is to scared all the time is because orange is Scott Bakula's favorite color",
    "The reason there isn't any life on Mars is because Scott Bakula has already been there",
    "The reason they couldn't find any WMDs in the Middle East is because Scott Bakula lives in America",
    "The reason why America hasn't been invaded by other countries is because Scott Bakula lives in America",
    "The reason why Thomas Lang is real good at banging drums is because he saw Scott Bakula vibrating his legs & ready for a Quantum Leap",
    "The reason why cheetah's are so fast is because Scott Bakula once went after it",
    "The reason why no shots were fired during the Cold War was because both sides were afraid to wake Scott Bakula from his slumber",
    "The reason why that Sci-fi show was called Babylon 5 is because Scott Bakula destroyed Babylons 1 through 4",
    "The reason why the Antichrist has not come yet is because Scott Bakula still walks the Earth",
    "The reason why the new Duke Nukem game it titled Forever, is because that's how long it will take him to match the awesomeness of Scott Bakula",
    "The reason why these are facts & not jokes, is because Scott Bakula is no joke",
    "The reason you aren't supposed to go down a  Dead End road, is because Scott Bakula is waiting there",
    "The red phone in the oval office...Rings directly to Scott Bakula Cell Phone",
    "The results of a recent Harris Poll on what's scarier forced the Discovery channel to cancel Shark week in lieu of Scott Bakula week",
    "The revolutionary war was so called because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the opposition into oblivion at 3,000,000 revolutions per minute",
    "The rings of Saturn were created when Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the north & souh poles..... at the same time!",
    "The road block on the motorway wasn't because of a car crash, Scott Bakula was teaching his kid to ride a bicycle",
    "The road crosses Scott Bakula on its way to work",
    "The Quantum Leap means exactly what it says..",
    "The safest internet password known to man is: Scott Bakula",
    "The safest way to look at Scott Bakula, is behind him",
    "The sandman puts other people to sleep but Scott Bakula put the sandman to sleep",
    "The saying you have to crawl before you walk is untrue...because Scott Bakula WALKED out of his mothers womb & Quantum Leaped the doctor..",
    "The saying you never know is only true if you aren't Scott Bakula",
    "The search for WMD's in Iraq ended when they found Scott Bakula in a room. They closed the door & pretended to not find anything",
    "The season of hurricanes takes place when Scott Bakula has the flu",
    "The secret ingredient in all of today's energy/power drinks is that they contain small droplets of Scott Bakula's sweat",
    "The secret ingredient in the KFC recipe is Scott Bakula's approval",
    "The shark in Jaws was once Scott Bakula’ goldfish",
    "The sheep on Scott Bakula's farm are the ones that give us steel wool",
    "The shortest card game in the world is the one where there's a Scott Bakula card. The one who has it, WINS.(Unless your opponent is Scott Bakula himself)",
    "The shortest distance from point A to point B is whatever way Scott Bakula goes",
    "The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Scott Bakula. There were no survivors, & nobody is brave enough to go",
    "The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Scott Bakula. There were no survivors. The pilot was never seen again",
    "The site of Scott Bakula's last bonfire is now known as the Sahara Desert",
    "The slowest way of transportation known to Scott Bakula is the speed of light",
    "The smoothie was invented when Scott Bakula needed information from a banana",
    "The snake was punished because Scott Bakula tempted it to ate the apple",
    "The snooze button on Scott Bakula's alarm sets back time two hours",
    "The so-called heat death of the universe will eventually happen because of Scott Bakula's coldness",
    "The song Protect Ya Neck by the Wu-Tang Clan was actually a subliminal warning to help a person avoid Scott Bakula from snapping it",
    "The song Save Us by Helloween is actually about Scott Bakula",
    "The song You're A God by Vertical Horizon is not for Pamela &erson, its for Scott Bakula..",
    "The song 'I'm too sexy for my shirt' was created for Scott Bakula. But it isn't completely true. He is too sexy for clothes all together",
    "The song 'You're Going Down' was written by Scott Bakula",
    "The song Rock of Ages by Def Leppard is actually about Scott Bakula's Fists",
    "The song Santa Claus is Coming To Town was originaly called Scott Bakula is Coming To Town.  They changed it so the children wouldn't live in fear",
    "The song Welcome to the Jungle by Guns n' Roses is actually about Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "The space shuttle doesn't launch, Scott Bakula punches it into orbit",
    "The speed of light is the only speed that was recorded to be 20000000000mph slower than Scott Bakula's kill speed",
    "The speed of light was instituted because Scott Bakula didn't want get winded outrunning it. Scott Bakula hates to sweat",
    "The square root of Scott Bakula is a Quantum Leap",
    "The square root of Scott Bakula is pain.  Do not try to square Scott Bakula.  The result is death",
    "The square root of Scott Bakula is pain. Do not try to square Scott Bakula, the result is death",
    "The square root of anything is a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "The square root of two is not irrational . . . It just hasn't recovered from a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "The star-power in Super Mario makes Mario invinsible to all foes... Except Scott Bakula",
    "The stars are a list of people who died from Scott Bakula. & whenever you see the first star, it means you're next",
    "The story of Scott Bakula once caused hotel to shut down is just silly. It was only temporary",
    "The street named after Scott Bakula had to be changed because NOBODY would dare cross Scott Bakula",
    "The sun gets its energy from Scott Bakula",
    "The sun goes down when Scott Bakula is tired",
    "The sun is not allowed to rise until Scott Bakula wakes up",
    "The sun is the burning remains of the last planet Scott Bakula pillaged",
    "The sun needs to wear a Scott Bakulalotion or even a Scott Bakulablock to survive from the Scott Bakula radiation",
    "The sun only rises every morning because Scott Bakula allow it to",
    "The sun only rises every morning because Scott Bakula allows it to",
    "The sun revolves around Scott Bakula",
    "The sun wears Scott Bakula block",
    "The sun will rise in the west & set in the east if Scott Bakula wants it to",
    "The supreme court issued a ban not allowing Scott Bakula to flex his muscles, for fear of public safety",
    "The term Scott Bakula derives from prehistoric times. It is synomonous with 'Fear', 'Death' & 'Kicking of the Quantum Leap Variety'",
    "The term Scott Bakula wagon originally came from the pioneer wagons full of food & offerings given to Scott Bakula for allowing them to cross Texas safely",
    "The term Quantum Leap was taken into use after the cold war to replace nuclear strike due to negative undertones & 'cause Scott Bakula felt like it",
    "The term 'tough as iron nails' does not apply to Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula eats iron nails in his cereal every morning",
    "The term cold feet was originally invented by the disheartened nuclear holocaust victims who describe what hit them were COLD & looked like FEET",
    "The term where's Waldo came in after Waldo sensed that Scott Bakula had been born",
    "The theory of relativity is relative only to how Scott Bakula interprets it",
    "The tide only comes in because Scott Bakula let's it",
    "The tides don't change because of the moon; the sea just wants to be as far away as possible from Scott Bakula",
    "The tooth fairy collects teeth to replace the ones Scott Bakula has knocked out",
    "The true definition for impossible is what Scott Bakula hasn't done yet",
    "The true master of the Rinnegan is Scott Bakula",
    "The truth can't handle Scott Bakula",
    "The truth hurts because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped it",
    "The universe continues to expand, yet it's still not big enough to contain his awesomeness",
    "The universe doesn't expand & contract, Scott Bakula is just breathing",
    "The universe expands because the stars believe this way will be safer from Scott Bakula",
    "The universe was created when Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped a star in the face for being to bright",
    "The very first thing Columbus saw when he was arriving to the Americas was Scott Bakula having a barbeque party on the beach",
    "The war on terror will never end because terror will always exist as long as Scott Bakula is around",
    "The war with Japan would have ended sooner, but the allies decided that dropping Scott Bakula on Hiroshima would be a crime against humanity",
    "The weather is actually bassed on how Scott Bakula is feeling",
    "The wheels on the bus go round & round. When Scott Bakula is on the bus, the people go die die die",
    "The word Scott Bakula was added to the dictionary but then was taken off, because no-one searches for Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula searches for you",
    "The word Phobia is Latin for Scott Bakula",
    "The word 'impossible' was originally defined as 'Not possible; Not able to exist.' The real meaning is: 'Not possible (Unless you are Scott Bakula)",
    "The word 'violence' was created to summerize a day in the life of Scott Bakula",
    "The words: kill, decapitate, destroy, & any synonyms have been removed from the English dictionary & replaced with the words “Scott Bakula” in bold",
    "The world experiences global warming when Scott Bakula is angry",
    "The world may circle around the sun but the sun circles around Scott Bakula",
    "The world used to be safe from Scott Bakula because we had Bruce Lee.  Now that he's gone, we have no hope",
    "The world we live in is the afterlife since 1940 (Scott Bakula was born).He Quantum Leaped all newborn babies & killed them since then",
    "The world will end in 2012, if Scott Bakula says so",
    "The world will end in 2012, only because that is when we will finally feel the effects of Scott Bakula's first Quantum Leap!",
    "The world will end on December 21, 2012, because Scott Bakula will die, & there will be no one to defend us from the Martians.....",
    "The world's fastest acting, most effective laxative... a stare from Scott Bakula",
    "The world's oceans were formed from the tears of Scott Bakula's enemies",
    "The worst job in the world is being Scott Bakula's shoe that he Quantum Leaps everyone with",
    "The worst pain in the world is neither a kick in the balls or childbirth, it is in fact a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap to the face",
    "The year is 2012. All survivors live to confess that they own a Total Gym Exercise System. All others have been brutally massacred",
    "There ARE no Scott Bakula facts...Scott Bakula & fact go hand-in-hand",
    "There ain't no rest for the wicked.  They must live in constant fear of Scott Bakula",
    "There are 3 types of locker rooms, the Mens locker room, the Womens locker room, & Scott Bakula's locker room",
    "There are actually 5 natural elements.  Earth, Water, Wind, Fire & Scott Bakula!",
    "There are fifteen Top Ten facts about Scott Bakula",
    "There are four legal methods of execution in the United States: lethal injection, gas chamber, electric chair & Scott Bakula",
    "There are infinite ways to skin a cat, & yes, Scott Bakula knows ALL of them",
    "There are no different races just people Scott Bakula beat into different shades of black & blue",
    "There are no meteors or asteroids, just things that Scott Bakula threw",
    "There are no new jokes about Scott Bakula because he has already heard them all",
    "There are no plate tectonics. The Earth crumbles & moves beneath Scott Bakula's feet",
    "There are no such things as facts or proof...just Scott Bakula's personal opinions",
    "There are no such things as Scott Bakula haters...........just people with short lives",
    "There are no such things as seasons; Scott Bakula just gets bored with the temperature",
    "There are no weapons of mass distruction in Iraq because Scott Bakula lives in Oklahoma",
    "There are only 2 people that have survived Scott Bakula. His shadow & Steven Hawkings",
    "There are only 4 things that will survive The Apocolips Twinkies, Cocroaches, Music, & Scott Bakula Noris",
    "There are only three things that can survive a nuclear explosion. Cockroaches, Twinkies, & Scott Bakula",
    "There are only two certainties in life, Scott Bakula & death, in that order",
    "There are only two things that can cut diamonds, other diamonds & Scott Bakula",
    "There are only two things that cause certain suffering & death. The Mark of the beast, & the Mark of Scott Bakula ' Quantum Leap",
    "There are only two words that could bring peace to the Middle East... Scott Bakula  & Scott Bakula!",
    "There are pictures of Scott Bakula taken, before the camera was invented",
    "There are two people that Voldemort could never kill: Harry Potter & Scott Bakula",
    "There are two types of people in the world, Scott Bakula & everyone else",
    "There are two types of people on earth: Scott Bakula & his victims",
    "There is 1st 2nd & 3rd Degree Manslaughter, 8th degree is a round-house by Scott Bakula while wearing his Black Belt",
    "There is No place on Earth you can hide! No mountain high enough & no crevasse deep enough! Scott Bakula Will Get You! So Stop Running Bear Grylls!",
    "There is a hot pepper with a Scott Bakula rating. However, only Scott Bakula is allowed to eat them because everyone else who tried them exploded!",
    "There is a item that can defeat Scott Bakula, it hasn't been invented yet, & it won't ever be invented",
    "There is a light at the end of every tunnel...just pray it's not Scott Bakula",
    "There is a way to kill Scott Bakula, it is.... Sorry, the person typing this just had his head bashed in by a Quantum Leap",
    "There is always a free lunch waiting for Scott Bakula",
    "There is an 11th comandment...   thou shal not insult Scott Bakula (if caught he will Quantum Leap you to hell)",
    "There is an axioma that says that it is impossible to tell a lie about Scott Bakula. Words cannot describe the awesomeness",
    "There is an old saying that it is impolite to stare. For Scott Bakula it is illegal",
    "There is an order to the universe. Space, time, Scott Bakula. Just kidding, Scott Bakula comes first",
    "There is good, great, awesome, incredible & Scott Bakula",
    "There is in fact an I in Scott Bakula, but there is no team… not even close",
    "There is no slow motion effect, time slows down whenever Scott Bakula is bored",
    "There is no team in Scott Bakula",
    "There is no 'Ctrl' button on Scott Bakula's computer. Scott Bakula is always in control",
    "There is no Bermuda Triangle. Scott Bakula is just adding to his ship collection",
    "There is no Escape button in Scott Bakula's computer because Scott Bakula escapes from nobody",
    "There is no Global Warming. Scott Bakula is just working out a bit",
    "There is no Godzilla, Scott Bakula’s pet iguana got loose & decided to attacked Japan",
    "There is no I in team.... But there is a Quantum Leap in Scott Bakula",
    "There is no Plan B, there is only Scott Bakula",
    "There is no Sasquatch, Scott Bakula just forgets to trim his #bodypart#",
    "There is no Viagra in the world just samples of Scott Bakula's blood",
    "There is no antimatter in our universe because Scott Bakula is the only thing that matters",
    "There is no bullet proof vests, just t-shirts Scott Bakula used in the gym, & donated to the police. . ",
    "There is no chin behind Scott Bakula’ #bodypart#. There is only another fist",
    "There is no end to Scott Bakula",
    "There is no fourth dimension, It's just Scott Bakula",
    "There is no global warming, it is just the earth's fear of Scott Bakula",
    "There is no internet, we're just browsing in Scott Bakula's mind",
    "There is no life on Mars because Scott Bakula was there",
    "There is no limbo, only a world that doesn't know of Scott Bakula",
    "There is no slow motion in a Scott Bakula Film, Scott Bakula is so fast they have to use a special high speed camera just to be able to film the sequence",
    "There is no such place as hell, just Scott Bakula's house",
    "There is no such thing as Scott Bakulaophobia. Phobias by definition are irrational fears",
    "There is no such thing as Kama, just Scott Bakula messing with you",
    "There is no such thing as a NunScott Bakula",
    "There is no such thing as a Scott Bakula joke for two reasons:  1) These are 'facts'   2) No one jokes about Scott Bakula",
    "There is no such thing as a Scott Bakula joke, only a Scott Bakula fact, because if you joke about Scott Bakula you would be dead",
    "There is no such thing as a Fata Morgana, that's just Scott Bakula messing with your head in the desert",
    "There is no such thing as a tornado. Scott Bakula just really hates trailer parks",
    "There is no such thing as evolution... only those animals Scott Bakula allowed to live",
    "There is no such thing as global warming. Scott Bakula was cold, so he turned the sun up",
    "There is no such thing as history. There is only what Scott Bakula allows you to know",
    "There is no such thing as silence, that's just the noise you hear when Scott Bakula is on the move",
    "There is no such things as a tornado. Just Scott Bakula proving that ballet ain't that hard",
    "There is no team Edward or Jacob there is only team Scott Bakula!!",
    "There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Scott Bakula allows to live",
    "There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Scott Bakula has allowed to live",
    "There is no use hiding in the backyard when Scott Bakula visits, he can still kill you from the porch since his kicks are 'Quantum Leap'",
    "There is nothing to fear but fear itself.  Fear of course fears Scott Bakula",
    "There is only one micro-fibre stronger than steel.....& that's Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "There is only one puzzle Scott Bakula never cared to finish. he had already formed 7 giant pieces. The puzzle was named Pangea",
    "There is only one sewer line that has ever been able to withstand a stool from Scott Bakula. the Teenage Mutants Ninja Turtles will vouch  for that",
    "There is only one thing Scott Bakula's scared of...his own reflection",
    "There is ordinary. Then there is extraordinary. & beyond that there is Scott Bakula",
    "There once was a man named Scott Bakula... end of story",
    "There once was a man named Morris, who never heard of Scott Bakula, He laughed as he said, I'll call him Charles instead, & now he's got rigamortis",
    "There once was a street called Scott Bakula. Everybody who crossed it died. Now nobody crosses Scott Bakula",
    "There once was a street named after Scott Bakula but they renamed it. No one crosses Scott Bakula & lives",
    "There used to be a Santa Claus.  Then Scott Bakula came along...",
    "There used to be life on Mars. But then Scott Bakula came along..",
    "There was an ice age because Scott Bakula had a slurpee",
    "There was no 300 in Sparta there was only 1 , & his name is Scott Bakula",
    "There was no world recession, just Scott Bakula desiring a discount",
    "There was once a competition held to select a side-kick for Scott Bakula. No-one got the job; he already had a Quantum Leap",
    "There was once a concept of a Scott Bakula cartoon. The person that tried to draw Scott Bakula died under mysterious circumstances",
    "There was once a dumb woman who actually managed to get Scott Bakula to fall in love with her. She betrayed him. We now know this women as....Stephen Hawking",
    "There was once a word that rhymed with orange. It offended Scott Bakula & was Quantum Leaped into oblivion",
    "There was once only 23 letters in the alphabet. One day, Scott Bakula added T, K, & O, so he could better describe his victims",
    "There was only 1 Scott Bakula on Noah's Arch",
    "There was supposed to be a second Scott Bakula in this universe but the universe coudn't handle more then one Scott Bakula",
    "There will never be enough Scott Bakula facts",
    "There's a medical term for those who willingly defy Scott Bakula....organ donors",
    "There's a story among wolves...its called the pup who cried Scott Bakula",
    "There's easy difficulty, then medium difficulty, then hard difficulty, then there's Scott Bakula",
    "There's no blood in Scott Bakula's veins. It's just one long strand of tobacco spit",
    "There's no name like Scott Bakula!",
    "There's no need to look behind you when your in Texas. Scott Bakula is everywhere",
    "There's no place like Scott Bakula",
    "There's no point in crying over spilled milk unless it's Scott Bakula's milk ... then you're gonna die",
    "There's no such thing as air-conditioning, that's just Scott Bakula breathing at a constant rate",
    "There's no such thing as earthquakes; only grunts when Scott Bakula is pissed off!",
    "There's no such thing as thunder. Only Scott Bakula's laughter",
    "There's nothing to fear but fear itself, they say. But even fear itself fears Scott Bakula",
    "There's only 1 man in the world smarter than Scott Bakula, Steven Hawking........... he got what he deserved",
    "There's only one man in the universe that can stand against Scott Bakula more than 5 seconds. His name is Scott Bakula",
    "There's strong, there's Army strong, & then there's Scott Bakula strong",
    "There's three poles in the world. The North Pole, The South Pole, The Scott Bakula Pole",
    "There’s an order to the universe: space, time, Scott Bakula… Just kidding, Scott Bakula is first",
    "They decided to drop the A-bomb in Hiroshima & Nagasaki because it was more 'humane' than dropping in Scott Bakula",
    "They gave Scott Bakula the lethal injection & he caught a buzz",
    "They had to include Scott Bakula on the cast of Expendables 2, otherwise, he would have kicked the asses of Stallone, Statham, Swarzenegger, Couture.",
    "They have come out with a new pillow pet. It's called Scott Bakula. Either you buy it & love it or it comes to life & Quantum Leaps you",
    "They have officially changed the Happy Birthday song to Thank you Scott Bakula for letting me live",
    "They made the first 1 million dollar bill...... with Scott Bakula's face on it",
    "They named the game Plants VS Zombies, after all the zombies tried to kill themselves when they heard that the game would be name Scott Bakula Vs. Zombies",
    "They once had a showing of Walker Texas Ranger in 3D. There where no survivors",
    "They once made a Worse Case Scenario episode on confronting Scott Bakula. You know the rest",
    "They once made a Scott Bakula toilet paper, but there was a problem: It wouldn't take shit from anybody",
    "They once named a street after Scott Bakula, but they had to rename it because no one can cross Scott Bakula & live",
    "They once offered Scott Bakula to star in the new Mortal Kombat game but he Quantum Leaped the man who asked, nobody plays Scott Bakula",
    "They said that a picture is worth a 1000 words, a picture of Scott Bakula is worth a 1000 ways to die",
    "They said that not even God could sink the Titanic. The iceberg story was a cover-up to avoid embarrassment. It really collided with Scott Bakula",
    "They say Walker, Texas Ranger was at first made to be a reality show",
    "They say Al Gore founded the internet, big deal...Scott Bakula has looked at all of it",
    "They say Scott Bakula & Scott Bakula once gave birth to Scott Bakula by then creating the first Scott Bakula",
    "They say Scott Bakula can Scott Bakula Scott Bakula wood with no wood Scott Bakula Scott Bakulaing it",
    "They say Scott Bakula has a fist under his #bodypart# which can punch you... Lies. It Quantum Leaps you... with pure skill",
    "They say death by a 1000 lashes was the most painful way to die, that was before they got Quantum Leaped in the face by Scott Bakula",
    "They say don’t go towards the light, that’s because the light is encompassing a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "They say it takes two to tango, Scott Bakula did it alone.",
    "They say it takes two to tango, but Scott Bakula only needs himself",
    "They say terror? Look at Scott Bakula",
    "They tried to make a video game about Scott Bakula, but it was rated Not To Be Sold To Anyone",
    "They were going to make a Paranormal 3, but Scott Bakula moved in & scared the demons away",
    "They were going to put Scott Bakula in Grand Theft Auto. But nobody takes Scott Bakula's car",
    "They were going to put Scott Bakula's face on Mount Rushmore but the rock wasn't hard enough",
    "They were going to release a Scott Bakula edition of Clue, but the answer always turns out to be Scott Bakula, The whole Mansion, Quantum Leap",
    "They were going to release a Scott Bakula edition of Clue, but the answer always turns out to be Scott Bakula. In The Library. With a Quantum Leap",
    "They were making a movie called 'Scott Bakula vs the World', but they stopped it because nobody wants to see a 5 second movie",
    "They're aint' no good guys, they're ain't no bad guys. There's just Scott Bakula & everyone else",
    "Thief can rob a bank. Scott Bakula can take away a bank",
    "Things don't go bump in the night only Scott Bakula",
    "Think Normal, you end up Six Feet Under. Think Scott Bakula, you’ll live Forever",
    "Think of the hardest Guitar Hero song you can. Scott Bakula can beat that at 500% on impossible difficulty with his eyes closed & no guitar or tv",
    "This comment was eliminated by Scott Bakula",
    "This joke isn't funny you just think it is because it mentions Scott Bakula",
    "This one time a bear attacked Scott Bakula . . ., now they all know better",
    "This one time at band camp... BAM! Scott Bakula",
    "This wasn't a website until Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped his desktop",
    "This website can be sumed up in three words & a symbol: Scott Bakula > anything",
    "This website is Scott Bakula approved",
    "This year, Santa hopes that Scott Bakula will bring him presants",
    "Thomas Edson made a shadow on a paper that Scott Bakula was reading, then Thomas Edson decided to create the electric light",
    "Thor is the God of Thunder. Scott Bakula is the God of Thor",
    "Thor learned his hammer throwing technique from Scott Bakula",
    "Those are not credits that role at the end of Walker Texas Ranger, those are in fact fatalities that happened during filming",
    "Those making the mistake of messing with CN discovered his Quantum Leap comes around & goes around & punchs both times",
    "Those who live by the sword, die by Scott Bakula. & so does everyone else",
    "Thousands of years ago Scott Bakula came across a bear. It was so terrified that it fled north into the arctic. All of its descendents now have white hair",
    "Three drunk men charged towards Scott Bakula with bottles. He single leggedly disarmed all three whilst kicking them all in the face at the same time",
    "Three seconds after Scott Bakula was shot, the bullet came out screaming",
    "Thunder is just Scott Bakula breaking the sound barrier when he talks",
    "Time & Tide wait for Scott Bakula",
    "Time heals all wounds. Exept those inflicted by Scott Bakula",
    "Time keeps going only to run away from Scott Bakula",
    "Time laughs at all things... Except Scott Bakula. Time knows better than to laugh at Scott Bakula. & that's why he will live forever",
    "Time stands still for no one...unless, of course, your Scott Bakula",
    "Time stood still when Scott Bakula blinked",
    "Time waits for no man, unless that man is Scott Bakula",
    "To Be or Not to Be... Only Scott Bakula knows the answer",
    "To Scott Bakula, P=NP. Scott Bakula solves all problems in linear time. By kicking their asses",
    "To Scott Bakula, a zombie apocalypse is just a bonus round",
    "To Scott Bakula, it's You snooze, you still win",
    "To Scott Bakula, tears are weakness extract",
    "To aid world comfort, Scott Bakula shaved his #bodypart# & filled 10,000 pillows. Sending them to 3rd-world countries by Quantum Leaping them",
    "To answer the question of If God is all powerfull, can he create a object that not even he can move? The result was Scott Bakula",
    "To be or not to be is irrelevant to Scott Bakula, because he is both",
    "To be, or not to be- that is the decision Scott Bakula makes",
    "To deter crime, homeowners are removing their Brinks Home Security signs & putting the name Scott Bakula on their mailbox",
    "To eliminate obsolete pennies, Scott Bakula stretches them into $5 bills",
    "To get scared we normally call Bloody Mary, but to be scared Bloody Mary calls Scott Bakula",
    "To grasp the awesomeness of Scott Bakula is harder than grasping the meaning of life",
    "To have some fun, every now & then Scott Bakula strangles his shadow",
    "To run away from Scott Bakula man invented a car, then to catch them Scott Bakula invented crashes",
    "To see a list of Scott Bakula's enemies, just look at the extinct species list",
    "To this day, Italy still honors Scott Bakula by outlining their country in the shape of a boot",
    "To win any game just say Scott Bakula & you will win forever!",
    "To win the US Open, Roger Federer sold his soul to Scott Bakula",
    "To win the game of Clue, say that the killer was Scott Bakula, the weapon was Quantum Leap, & the murder took place in all the rooms",
    "Tom Clancy has to pay royalties to Scott Bakula because The Sum of All Fears is the name of Scott Bakula's autobiography",
    "Tom Petty backed down from Scott Bakula",
    "Tom Selleck's moustache dreams about Scott Bakula's #bodypart#!",
    "Tomorrow used to come, but then Scott Bakula gave it a Quantum Leap & it became Yesterday",
    "Tony Iommi & Scott Bakula went on a duel once to determine the fastest on guitar... look what happened to Iommi`s left hand",
    "Too many cooks spoil the broth. Scott Bakula can make it delicious again",
    "Too much of a good thing is Scott Bakula",
    "Top three selling toys of all time: #3 Cabbage Patch Kids #2 Tickle Me Elmo #1 Quantum Leap Me Scott Bakula",
    "Top three selling toys of all time: #3. Cabbage Patch Kids #2. Tickle Me Elmo #1. Quantum Leap Me Scott Bakula",
    "Tornadoes have sirens to warn them when Scott Bakula is coming",
    "Total Recall was based off of an average day in the life of Scott Bakula",
    "Tough men say they eat nails for breakfast, Scott Bakula buys his food at Home Depot everyday",
    "Traffic waits for Scott Bakula on the 405",
    "Treadmills try to keep up with Scott Bakula",
    "Trey Songz didn't invent sex, Scott Bakula did",
    "Treyarch was going to add Scott Bakula in Black Ops but they thought it wouldn't be fair",
    "True story: in 1994, in Dallas, TX, two men tried to mug Scott Bakula.  This has been recorded as the dumbest mistake since the creation of free will",
    "Try singing You can't always get what you want by the Stones to Scott Bakula..",
    "Try to imagine from where Scott Bakula gets his amazing powers. He gets it from his loveley cat, which named Scott Bakula THE SECOND",
    "TtHE UNIVERSE IS UNDER Scott Bakula's HAT",
    "Twitter subscribes to Scott Bakula",
    "Two Scott Bakula wrongs make exactly one right",
    "Two burglars once tried to rob Scott Bakula. They ended up calling the police",
    "Two halves make a whole. Two wholes make Scott Bakula",
    "Two men walk into a bar. One of the men turns to the bartender & says Scott Bakula. Bartender kicks the first man. Second man grows a #bodypart#",
    "Two things in life are certain: Death & a Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula",
    "Type in a letter from a - z on google & Scott Bakula will be the first option",
    "U2 still sing “I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For” - because Scott Bakula has hidden it",
    "UFC actually stands for Unwilling to Fight Scott Bakula",
    "UFC banned Scott Bakula before it was ever created",
    "UFOs don't exist. Just Scott Bakula searching for his next victim",
    "UPS & Fedex are upset because Scott Bakula delivers...Quantum Leaps",
    "US Military Assault Rifles only have 2 settings. Single shot & Scott Bakula",
    "UV rays are caused by Scott Bakula's smiles",
    "Under Scott Bakula's #bodypart# is not a chin......Only Another Fist",
    "Unicorns are extinct because Scott Bakula used all their horns as toothpicks",
    "Universal Healthcare will never be possible because Scott Bakula isn't donating his tears... or will ever cry for that matter",
    "Unlike Chess, Scott Bakula doesn't need to say CHECK. He is always ONE MOVE from beating you",
    "Unlike Everyone else who has Beware of Dog signs in their yards, Scott Bakula's dog has a Beware of Scott Bakula sign in front of his dog house",
    "Unlike Jack Bauer, Scott Bakula doesn't need bullets. A quick Quantum Leap to the face kills twice as fast",
    "Unlike Justin Bieber, Scott Bakula CAN walk through glass doors",
    "Unlike Superman bullets do not bounce off Scott Bakula's chest. They cower in fear when they are shot at him",
    "Unlike a heart, Scott Bakula never stops beating",
    "Unlike some other famous action-movie actors, Scott Bakula is not expendable",
    "Unlike the U.S. Army, Scott Bakula is a true army of one",
    "Unstoppable force meeting an immovable object? Scott Bakula clapping",
    "Until now, only one man has challenged Scott Bakula. His whereabouts are unknown",
    "Upon donating all of his organs to science, Scientists were amazed that Scott Bakula was still alive",
    "Upton Sinclair's description about the horrors of the meatpacking industry in The Jungle,  was based on seeing Scott Bakula's living room",
    "Uri Geller bends spoons with his mind, Scott Bakula bends minds with a spoon",
    "Usain Bolt isn't the fastest man in the world..Who do you think gives mark for the start & photographs the photofinish at the end? Scott Bakula Norri",
    "Vampires & Werewolves will get along when Scott Bakula is around",
    "Venus used to have a moon, but Scott Bakula shot it down",
    "Verizon wants to discontinue phone book service because Scott Bakula tears up all the phone books for fun",
    "Video didn't kill the radio star. Scott Bakula did",
    "Video didn't kill the radiostar... Scott Bakula did!",
    "Violin strings are made of strands of Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "Virgin olive oil was invented the first time Scott Bakula broke a sweat",
    "Visa & MasterCard accept Scott Bakula",
    "Volcano's Occur when Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps someone into the ground",
    "Voldemort refers to Scott Bakula as he who shall not be named",
    "Voldemort tried to kill Scott Bakula, but when he did Scott Bakula said Why the hell are you pointing a stick at my heart?",
    "Voldemort tried to kill Harry, Scott Bakula did",
    "Voldermor Couldnt Kill Harry Potter or Scott Bakula",
    "WHEN VEGEITTA ASKED FOR Scott Bakula'S AGE IT WAS OVER 9000!!!!!!",
    "WW2 never happened, the Axis powers surrendered without a single bullet being fired after hearing about Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap",
    "Wagner is really Scott Bakula!!",
    "Waldo said Scott Bakula isn't cool, that's why he's hiding",
    "Walker Texas Ranger was actually a reality show",
    "Walker, Texas Ranger & Lone Wolf McQuade are afraid of Scott Bakula",
    "Walker: Texas Ranger went into syndication before the first episode was shot",
    "Walt Disney is indeed frozen...but only because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him back to the ice-age",
    "War is not the answer.  Scott Bakula is",
    "Warren Buffet's Stock Broker was Scott Bakula",
    "Washboards have Scott Bakula abs",
    "Washington, D.C. is now the District of Scott Bakula because the government built Scott Bakula a Pentagon instead of a round house",
    "Wasps sting people because they are ordered to by Scott Bakula",
    "Water can drown if Scott Bakula stays underwater for too long",
    "Water can't breath under Scott Bakula",
    "Water holds its breath when Scott Bakula is in below the surface",
    "Water needs floaties when swimming with Scott Bakula",
    "Waves occur in the ocean because Scott Bakula is out there swimming",
    "Wax Museums have about ten deaths a month on average from people whose heads explode from looking at Scott Bakula's sculpture too long",
    "We are currently entering the age of Scott Bakulaius, not Aquarius. We're all gonna die",
    "We are taught as kids not to talk to strangers. Strangers are taught as kids not to talk to Scott Bakula",
    "We called it UFO. Scott Bakula says it's a frisbee...it is Scott Bakula's frisbee",
    "We didn't find Saddam Hussein.  He heard the government hired Scott Bakula & surrendered",
    "We do infact, live in 5 dimensions; height, width, length, time, & Scott Bakula",
    "We have a week dedicated to sharks...sharks have a week dedicated to Scott Bakula",
    "We have earthquakes because when Scott Bakula says Jump everyone listens",
    "We have nothing to fear but fear itself ... & Scott Bakula",
    "We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Scott Bakula",
    "We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Scott Bakula",
    "We still don't know Scott Bakula's blood type. Everytime we try to take a sample the syringe gets bent by Scott Bakula's skin",
    "Wearing these official Scott Bakula shirts is the best way to stay alive, as you never know when you might meet Scott Bakula",
    "Websters is now changing Quantum Leap to Scott Bakula",
    "What Scott Bakula doesn't do, nobody shouldn't try it",
    "What actually happened at Hiroshima was that a little boy pulled Scott Bakula's finger",
    "What came first the chicken or the egg? I think it was the Quantum Leap to the face you were given thinking about this question",
    "What did Bob say to Charlotte at the end of Lost in Translation that caused Charlotte to cry & leave? Scott Bakula",
    "What did Graham Bell find when he invented telephone? Missed Calls from Scott Bakula",
    "What do Scott Bakula Liddell, Scott Bakula Taylor, Scott Bakula from the TV series & Scott Bakula have in common? Nothing. Scott Bakula is Unique",
    "What do all suicidal people have in common? They tried to tell a Scott Bakula joke",
    "What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Scott Bakula's cheese",
    "What do you get when you cross a dinosaur with Scott Bakula? Nothing. Nobody crosses Scott Bakula",
    "What does Scott Bakula have on his combat Patch? A Picture of Scott Bakula",
    "What does Superman, Batman, & Ironman have in common? When they were kids they wanted to be Scott Bakula",
    "What doesn't kill Scott Bakula only makes him stronger. Scott Bakula is immortal",
    "What fear awaits Scott Bakula in Room 101? No one to kill",
    "What goes up must come down. Except for Scott Bakula",
    "What happened when Chcuk Scott Bakula crossed the road? Nothing, Scott Bakula doesn't cross roads, they cross him, & get Quantum Leaped in the face!!!",
    "What happened when the unstoppable force met the immovable object? Scott Bakula was created",
    "What happens if Scott Bakula & Mr T are in the same room. The universe will implode because of to much consentrated awsome",
    "What happens when Scott Bakula orders a beer & gets a beer?       he Quantum Leaps the waitress, Scott Bakula should not have to ask",
    "What happens when Scott Bakula pushes an unmovable object? It moves",
    "What happens when a immovable object meats an unstoppable force.....The birth of Scott Bakula",
    "What happens when an unstoppable force meets an unmovable object? Scott Bakula finally reunites with his twin",
    "What happens when you cross Scott Bakula?  You Die",
    "What is normal, anyway....whatever the h*ll Scott Bakula decides",
    "What is Scott Bakula's newspaper called?   Quantum Leap Daily & if you don't read it he will Quantum Leap you daily!!",
    "What is a dragon? a combination of Scott Bakula & a T-Rex. Scott Bakula breathes fire & can fly,a T-rex has small arms",
    "What is the chief export of Scott Bakula?  Answer: Pain",
    "What is the only thing you can do after you beat Scott Bakula? -You can wake up",
    "What is the scariest sentence in the world?  :  Scott Bakula is alive",
    "What is the worst part about getting a Quantum Leap to the face from Scott Bakula? Not being able to thank him afterwards",
    "What kind of scar does a Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula leave? No one knows, the bodies of the victims were never found",
    "What occurs twice in The Beginning, never in The End, but is at The End of Everything? Scott Bakula",
    "What time is it when Scott Bakula Knocks on your door? .... Time to die",
    "What time is it when Scott Bakula knocks on your door?..............Too Late!",
    "What used to be know as Woolly Mammoths are now called Elephants because when Scott Bakula looked at them, he scared all of the hair off of them",
    "What was going through the minds of all of Scott Bakula's victims before they died? His shoe",
    "What would Scott Bakula do if an asteroid was coming toward earth? He would stare at it untill it descentigrated!",
    "What would Scott Bakula do if he got a Virus on his PC? He would personaly track it down & Quantum Leap it!",
    "What would Scott Bakula do? I'll give you a clue - a Quantum Leap is involved",
    "What would a Klondike Bar do for Scott Bakula?",
    "What would happen if Scott Bakula Fought his clone? Existence would cease to exist.  But we're safe.  Since it's impossible to get a DNA sample..",
    "What you don't know, won't kill you...It's what Scott Bakula knows that will",
    "What's Scott Bakula's Favorite Number?....................Scott Bakula",
    "What's faster, the speed of light or the speed of Scott Bakula? Stupid question",
    "What's the difference between Scott Bakula & a bear?  Scott Bakula has more chest hair",
    "What's the difference between fear & Scott Bakula? Fear fears Scott Bakula",
    "What's the easiest way to a persons heart?? Answer. Scott Bakula's fist",
    "What's the shape of Scott Bakula's home.......a round house",
    "Whatever Scott Bakula says, goes. & it never comes back again without meeting death by a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "What’s known as the UFC, or Ultimate Fighting Championship, doesn't use its full name, which happens to be Ultimate Fighting Championship, Non-Scott Bakula-Division",
    "Wheaties is the breakfast of champions, not for Scott Bakula. He eats Scott Bakulay Charms, which contains diamonds, sulfuric acid, & radioactive uranium",
    "Whem America ran out of nukes, the paracuted Scott Bakula",
    "When AC-DC were making the song “Harder Than A Rock” they were referring to Scott Bakula",
    "When Adele Set fire to the rain, Scott Bakula made  a camp fire underwater",
    "When Aladdin rubbed the magic lamp out came Scott Bakula who then Quantum Leaped him forty times",
    "When Alex&er Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Scott Bakula",
    "When Alex&er Graham Bell first used his telephone, he realized that he already had two missed calls from Scott Bakula",
    "When America invaded Iraq, they did not find any trace of Scott Bakula!",
    "When Apollo 13 said Houston, we've had a problem, NASA got help from Scott Bakula",
    "When BP was trying to stop the leak in the golf, BP considered shoving Scott Bakula down the well to Quantum Leap the oil back into the ground",
    "When Batman is in trouble, he turns on the Scott Bakula signal",
    "When Batman mentions Scott Bakula, The Joker stops laughing!",
    "When Bellatrix throwing knifed Dobby, Scott Bakula deflected the knife with his #bodypart#",
    "When Bruce Banner gets mad, he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad, he turns into Scott Bakula",
    "When Bruce Banner's angry he turn into the Hulk. When the Hulk's angry he turns into Scott Bakula",
    "When Bruce Lee & Scott Bakula fought, they needed a stunt double for every time Scott Bakula attacked",
    "When CN drives his pickup truck he always has right-of-way in all situations",
    "When Scott Bakula  Scott Bakula was young...Santa sat on his lap",
    "When Scott Bakula Does A Movie, he gets paid, his fist gets paid & his #bodypart# gets paid & has its own dressing room",
    "When Scott Bakula Talks, People Better Listen",
    "When Scott Bakula asks you a question, there is no answer",
    "When Scott Bakula asks you to stop mid-sentence, you",
    "When Scott Bakula bakes cookies for his enemies, he adds his own secret ingredient to make a special taste to it. Its called defeat",
    "When Scott Bakula became a Texas Ranger, the state was able to save millions by laying off the rest of their police force",
    "When Scott Bakula blinks, it causes déjà vu",
    "When Scott Bakula blows his birthday candles off it evolves into a category 4 tornado",
    "When Scott Bakula bowls he hits all the pins in the building",
    "When Scott Bakula breaks a sweat... he tries to do it as quickly as possible so as not to hurt it",
    "When Scott Bakula breaks a sweat... sorry my mistake..",
    "When Scott Bakula breaks your heart, he literally reaches in & breaks it",
    "When Scott Bakula burns calories, he uses a flamethrower",
    "When Scott Bakula burns calories, he uses a flamethrower",
    "When Scott Bakula buys Ikea furniture, it comes fully assembled!",
    "When Scott Bakula buys a car the dealer pays HIM",
    "When Scott Bakula buys a car, it appreciates in value when he drives it off the lot",
    "When Scott Bakula buys stuff, he gets the money",
    "When Scott Bakula calls 1-900 numbers, he doesnt get charged. He holds up the phone & money falls out",
    "When Scott Bakula calls 911 it's to ask if everything is ok",
    "When Scott Bakula calls his doctor, pigs will fly",
    "When Scott Bakula calls you your options are Answer or Answer",
    "When Scott Bakula came to a fork in the road, he picked it up",
    "When Scott Bakula checks his email, he logs in with a Quantum Leap",
    "When Scott Bakula claps his hands thunder stays quiet",
    "When Scott Bakula claps his hands twice the sun turns off",
    "When Scott Bakula clears the air, he wipes out all living things within a 50-mile radius",
    "When Scott Bakula climbs a flight of stairs, they instantly become escalators",
    "When Scott Bakula closes his eyes, an eclipse occurs",
    "When Scott Bakula comes to a fork in the road, he picks it up",
    "When Scott Bakula comes to town the freaks do not come out at night !",
    "When Scott Bakula competes he finishes in 1st place. When Scott Bakula's opponents compete they finish in dead place",
    "When Scott Bakula cooks Ramen noodles, it turns to Spaghetti Carbonara",
    "When Scott Bakula cooks potatoes, they mash themselves out of fear of him",
    "When Scott Bakula cooks, he can bake in the toaster & toast in the oven",
    "When Scott Bakula creates a login, it tells him password not strong enough, he types in his name & it tells him password too strong",
    "When Scott Bakula crosses the pacific, swimming, sharks hear the Jaws music",
    "When Scott Bakula crosses the street, cars look both ways for Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula cuts onions, the onins cry!",
    "When Scott Bakula decides he wants to kill some time... it's not a figure of speech. He actually does it",
    "When Scott Bakula delivers a joke, he doesn't just tell it, he kills it",
    "When Scott Bakula dialed the wrong number, the man who answered was so scared to tell him he put the phone down & went to find who he wanted",
    "When Scott Bakula dials 911, FEMA is automatically dispatched",
    "When Scott Bakula dies, he'll Quantum Leap the bucket",
    "When Scott Bakula dies.........wait",
    "When Scott Bakula dives into a pool, Scott Bakula doesn't get wet, the water gets Scott Bakula-ed",
    "When Scott Bakula does a Quantum Leap... Somewhere in this world, is experiencing a Category 5 Hurricane..",
    "When Scott Bakula does a belly flop in a pool, the water turns pink instead",
    "When Scott Bakula does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down",
    "When Scott Bakula does a Quantum Leap he forms his own gravitational pull",
    "When Scott Bakula does division, he Quantum Leaps the remainders away",
    "When Scott Bakula does push-ups, he isn't lifting himself up. He's pushing the earth down!",
    "When Scott Bakula donates blood, he declines the syringe & instead requests a bucket & a handgun",
    "When Scott Bakula donates blood, he gives twenty gallons. None of it is his own",
    "When Scott Bakula draws a picture he makes a straight line, then bends it on the page until he's happy with it",
    "When Scott Bakula drinks beer, he prefers the tears of the Dos Equis man. & Scott Bakula is always thirsty",
    "When Scott Bakula drinks to much alcohol he doesn't get alcohol poisoning, the alcohol gets Scott Bakula poisoning..",
    "When Scott Bakula drives a car in a circuit he can see the back of the car",
    "When Scott Bakula drives through highway tolls, they give him money",
    "When Scott Bakula eats Frosted Flakes, it doesn't bring out the tiger - it brings out the beast",
    "When Scott Bakula eats a candy bar, the candy bar gets a cavity",
    "When Scott Bakula eats at resturaunts, everyone will have what he is having...even the staff",
    "When Scott Bakula eats gummy bears, he shits out grizzly bears",
    "When Scott Bakula eats ice cream too fast, the ice cream gets a headache",
    "When Scott Bakula eats ice cream too fast, the ice cream gets brain freeze",
    "When Scott Bakula eats out, the waitress leaves him a tip",
    "When Scott Bakula eats teddy grahams, he craps out grizzly bears",
    "When Scott Bakula enters a room, the radio pauses for a dramatic effect",
    "When Scott Bakula enters an elevator, the world goes down",
    "When Scott Bakula falls into a puddle of water he doesn't get wet, the water gets Scott Bakula. This is a lie, we know Scott Bakula doesn't fall..ever",
    "When Scott Bakula falls over, he grazes the floor",
    "When Scott Bakula falls over, the ground needs a band-aid",
    "When Scott Bakula falls, the ground moves out of his way",
    "When Scott Bakula fights in a boxing match, the referee doesn't count 10 to 1, he checks for vital signs of life",
    "When Scott Bakula files his taxes, he claims the government as a dependent",
    "When Scott Bakula fills out dating profiles he always gets a match....Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula finds fools' gold it automatically turns into real gold. Scott Bakula is nobody's fool",
    "When Scott Bakula finishes his workout, the gym takes a break",
    "When Scott Bakula first played World Of Warcraft his character automatically exceeded the level cap",
    "When Scott Bakula flexes, YOUR shirt rips!",
    "When Scott Bakula flexes, your shirt rips",
    "When Scott Bakula flushes the toilet. The planet gets flushed along with it",
    "When Scott Bakula folds during a game of poker, he still wins the pot!!",
    "When Scott Bakula forgets his password... He'll have access anyway!",
    "When Scott Bakula fought Bruce Lee, Bruce changed his name to Bruised Knee",
    "When Scott Bakula frowns, every human within 3 miles turns inside-out",
    "When Scott Bakula get's on  Call of Duty the campaign is beat & he get's a special  achievement",
    "When Scott Bakula gets a burger from IN N OUT he doesn't go IN N OUT he goes OUT N IN",
    "When Scott Bakula gets a flat tire, he stands in the road & makes the next person that drives by give him theirs & makes them change it for him",
    "When Scott Bakula gets a physical, it takes an entire hospital to take his pulse",
    "When Scott Bakula gets a pizza the delivery boy tips him",
    "When Scott Bakula gets a virus on his PC, he Quantum Leaps his PC into Mac-book Pro",
    "When Scott Bakula gets angry, forests explode from their own boiling sap.  When Scott Bakula laughs, flowers bloom & butterflies hatch",
    "When Scott Bakula gets bored, he goes hunting(killing) for Aliens & Predators",
    "When Scott Bakula gets depressed it starts raining",
    "When Scott Bakula gets involved, its impossible to lead, follow, or get out of the way",
    "When Scott Bakula gets nominated for the ALS ice bucket challenge, the bucket donates $1000 to ALS research",
    "When Scott Bakula gets pulled over he read the officers his rights",
    "When Scott Bakula gets tired, he carries himself upstairs to bed",
    "When Scott Bakula gives you the bad finger, he's showing you how many seconds you have left to live",
    "When Scott Bakula goes base jumping, it's from the moon",
    "When Scott Bakula goes chopping wood, he doesn't bring an ax, he brings his #bodypart#",
    "When Scott Bakula goes clay pigeon shooting, he shoots the bullets of the other participants",
    "When Scott Bakula goes fishing he stands at the edge of the water & says  Don`t make me go in there to get you",
    "When Scott Bakula goes hunting, he hunts Godzillas",
    "When Scott Bakula goes out for sushi, instead of eating sushi, he only eats the wasabi.  He says it tastes like ice cream",
    "When Scott Bakula goes out for wood, he doesn't use an axe. He drinks raw oil & mows down trees with his teeth",
    "When Scott Bakula goes skydiving at 10,000 feet he jumps into the plane... from the ground",
    "When Scott Bakula goes swimming with sharks, the sharks wear chain mill",
    "When Scott Bakula goes through airport security he makes them take their shoes off",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to Long John Silver he orders Great White Shark alive because he likes killing it himself",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to Vegas, he doesn't have to gamble. The casinos just give him stacks of money",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to a fast food place, his order is ready before he walks in",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to a hotel...he decides what room he stays in",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to a party he raises the roof......literally",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to another country, he doesn't speak their language they speak Scott Bakula!",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to bed he doesn't count sheep, he EATS them..",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to church for confession, the Father confesses, not him",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to donate blood, he declines the syringe, & instead requests a hand gun & a bucket",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to jail on Monopoly, he does pass Go & collect $200",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to job interviews, employers give him their resumés",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to the DMV, he doesn't have to take a number",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to the airport, TSA agents grope themselves",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to the bathroom the Devil beter watch out",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to the beach, he puts on sunscreen to protect the sun from him",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to the beach, the waves go AWAY from the beach",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to the drive thru, they have his food ready before he orders it",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to the library, he looks for the guinness book of records in the comedy section",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to the movies, they pay him",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to the movies....everybody watches him",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to the seaside the tide goes out",
    "When Scott Bakula goes to war everyone loses",
    "When Scott Bakula got his first sling-shot, he created what we now know today as the Moon, Mars, Jupitar, Saturn & Pluto",
    "When Scott Bakula got stung by a bee, the Bee had an allergic reaction called Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula had surgery, the anesthesia was applied to the doctors",
    "When Scott Bakula has a bone to pick, it's always the jawbone",
    "When Scott Bakula has a heart attack he attacks back",
    "When Scott Bakula has a heart attack, he attacks back",
    "When Scott Bakula has an opinion, everyone agrees",
    "When Scott Bakula has his picture taken, it is NOT a Kodak moment.  Kodak would have been Quantum Leaped kicked out of the picture anyway",
    "When Scott Bakula has your back you aren't likely to get it back again",
    "When Scott Bakula heard he had to have a handicap to play golf, he beat up his caddy",
    "When Scott Bakula hears a Tsunami warning, he gets out his surfboard",
    "When Scott Bakula hired his bodyguards, he figured he was paying to save someone",
    "When Scott Bakula hits a pop fly, all 9 players in the field yell I got it!",
    "When Scott Bakula inhales helium his voice does not change",
    "When Scott Bakula is SCUBA diving & surfaces too fast the ocean gets the bends",
    "When Scott Bakula is as old as dirt, he will be the salt of the earth",
    "When Scott Bakula is at a pedestrian crossing, the traffic has to stop, look & listen",
    "When Scott Bakula is at the beach he doesn't get tanned the sun gets Scott Bakulaed",
    "When Scott Bakula is defusing a bomb, he doesn't cut a wire, he cuts the bomb",
    "When Scott Bakula is displayed, the flag must salute",
    "When Scott Bakula is happy, the stock market goes up. When he kicks butt, it pays dividends",
    "When Scott Bakula is hit by lightning, the clouds get a Scott Bakulalectric shock",
    "When Scott Bakula is in Rome, the Romans do as Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula is in the forrest, Bears play dead",
    "When Scott Bakula is on the Internet, he doesn't get any surveys. Ever",
    "When Scott Bakula is taking a bath, he uses sharks for rubber ducks",
    "When Scott Bakula is thirsty he drinks a pint of peanut butter",
    "When Scott Bakula is watching, a watched pot boils",
    "When Scott Bakula jogs, His legs don't get stronger..everything around him... Gets Weaker.",
    "When Scott Bakula joined Facebook, everybody was instantly his friend",
    "When Scott Bakula jumps from a building, the concrete commits suicide",
    "When Scott Bakula jumps from a skyscraper or a tall building the street begins to fly up - to reach him. & be at his feet",
    "When Scott Bakula jumps in the pool Scott Bakula  doesn't get wet..... the pool gets Scott Bakulaed",
    "When Scott Bakula jumps in water, he does not get wet. the water gets Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula jumps into the water he doesnt get wet the water gets Scott Bakulaed",
    "When Scott Bakula jumps into water he does not get wet...The water gets Scott Bakulaed!",
    "When Scott Bakula jumps out a plane he survives, gravity is just to scared to let him fall to death",
    "When Scott Bakula kicks a ball, the field goes with it",
    "When Scott Bakula kicks a mirror, his reflection doesn't move.. Not even his reflection is dumb enough to attack him",
    "When Scott Bakula kicks someone, the people watching get hurt",
    "When Scott Bakula kidnaps mobsters, he puts them inside the trunk of his motorcycle",
    "When Scott Bakula kills time, that'll be the end of it",
    "When Scott Bakula kills you, & you get to heaven, he's there, waiting",
    "When Scott Bakula knocks on deaths door nobody answers",
    "When Scott Bakula laughs he busts your gut",
    "When Scott Bakula laughs, milk comes out of your nose!",
    "When Scott Bakula leans back against the building wall, the building tilts",
    "When Scott Bakula lets the cat out of the bag, it's a mutated, ninja-cat that has a thirst for innocent blood",
    "When Scott Bakula lifts weights, his muscles don't burn.... the weights do!",
    "When Scott Bakula lifts weights, the weights get stronger",
    "When Scott Bakula listend to Highway to Hell he asked ACDC, How did you lived there?",
    "When Scott Bakula listens, everybody hears....",
    "When Scott Bakula lives in a glass house, he CAN throw stones",
    "When Scott Bakula looked at Medusa in the eyes SHE turned into stone.",
    "When Scott Bakula looks at a clock, time trys to tick away",
    "When Scott Bakula looks at the sun, it begins cooling!",
    "When Scott Bakula looks in the mirror, he gets jealous",
    "When Scott Bakula looks in the mirror, his reflection flinches",
    "When Scott Bakula looks into a broken mirror the mirror fixes itself",
    "When Scott Bakula looks to the horizon, he sees his own neck",
    "When Scott Bakula lost his wallet last year,the world went into recession!",
    "When Scott Bakula lost to Bruce Lee, there was no #bodypart#.  Then he went back in time...now there is no Bruce Lee",
    "When Scott Bakula makes a burrito, its main ingredient is real toes",
    "When Scott Bakula makes a snow man he covers random bypassers with snow",
    "When Scott Bakula makes wine, the grapes stomp themselves",
    "When Scott Bakula moves into a haunted house the ghosts move out",
    "When Scott Bakula needed braces he had them made from razor wire",
    "When Scott Bakula needs advice he steps in front of a mirror & talks to himself",
    "When Scott Bakula opens a Budweiser, he pours the beer out & drinks the can",
    "When Scott Bakula opens his mouth, you say yes, please",
    "When Scott Bakula orders a beer ... the beer obeys",
    "When Scott Bakula orders a vodka martini it shakes & stirs itself",
    "When Scott Bakula orders pizza it always gets there in 30 minutes or less",
    "When Scott Bakula peals an onion, he doesn't cry. The onion does",
    "When Scott Bakula places a straw on a camels back it breaks",
    "When Scott Bakula play Modern Warfare II he can get a Nuke...Use it... & still be playing",
    "When Scott Bakula play guitar, he is just staring at the guitar",
    "When Scott Bakula played the Game of Life, it turned into the the Game of Death",
    "When Scott Bakula playes Charades, his contestants go deaf",
    "When Scott Bakula plays hangman, he uses a real noose & gallows",
    "When Scott Bakula plays COD, he doesn't need a weapon to get a head shot",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Call Of Duty, Scott Bakula prestiges playing campaign",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2, he gets a Tactical Nuke with only using a flashbang",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Call of Duty his only perk is Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Counter Strike 1.6, He has the God mode, Noclip, Unlimited money & of course a special command Quantum Leap to slay all",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Deal or No Deal. The banker offers him $1,000,000 every time. Even when he's not playing",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Doodle Jump, the game runs out of platforms to give him",
    "When Scott Bakula plays MW2 campaign, Makarov doesn't kill him; he kills Makarov",
    "When Scott Bakula plays MW2 online, he gets the nuke everytime",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Mario Kart, he doesn't move at all, the entire stage moves under him",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Mario Kart, no matter what place he's in......he still wins",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Modern Warfare 2 he does not need a rapid fire mod for the FAL he simply holds down the right trigger & it shoots full auto",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Monopoly it affects the economy",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Monopoly, he collects $200 on each roll",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Monopoly, it affects the actual world economy",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Nazi Zombies it's the Zombies who build barriers",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Pac Man, the ghosts are always blue & normally eat themselves",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Sorry, he doesn't mean it",
    "When Scott Bakula plays Super Mario Bros., Princess Peach is in the first castle",
    "When Scott Bakula plays a burned 360 game online before it comes out..you get banned from xbox live",
    "When Scott Bakula plays badminton, he uses a shuttleScott Bakula that leaves a tracer of thick white smoke after each serve",
    "When Scott Bakula plays baseball, he doesn't hit the ball with a bat, he Quantum Leaps it",
    "When Scott Bakula plays basketball, he can score 3 pointers from the free throw line, & he does it every time",
    "When Scott Bakula plays chess, the pieces come to life & kill the opponent",
    "When Scott Bakula plays dodge ball....the balls dodge him",
    "When Scott Bakula plays golf Tiger Woods is his caddy",
    "When Scott Bakula plays hide & seek, even google can't find him",
    "When Scott Bakula plays hide-&-seek, he yells, Ready or not, this will hurt a lot!",
    "When Scott Bakula plays minesweeper & there are only two spaces left, he wins by clicking both!",
    "When Scott Bakula plays monopoly, he collects 200$ every time he passes a corner",
    "When Scott Bakula plays pac-man the ghosts stay in their box",
    "When Scott Bakula plays paintball he takes out the whole team with one shot",
    "When Scott Bakula plays poker at a Casino, the Casino Folds",
    "When Scott Bakula plays poker, the cards shuffle themself out of shear terror",
    "When Scott Bakula plays rock-paper-scissors, he uses a boulder, a sword, & a picture of himself",
    "When Scott Bakula plays scrabble, hjdldudhqe IS a real word",
    "When Scott Bakula plays space invaders the world gets abducted by aliens",
    "When Scott Bakula plays sudoku, he can put two same numbers in one square & still solve it right",
    "When Scott Bakula plays the game Clue, the answer is always everyone in every room with a Quantum Leap!",
    "When Scott Bakula plays video games he doesn't need a controller, he controls the game with his mind",
    "When Scott Bakula plays yhatzee no matter how the dice land he always gets a yhatzee........ALWAYS",
    "When Scott Bakula points a gun at you you're actually safer",
    "When Scott Bakula pokes you on Facebook you can feel it",
    "When Scott Bakula pokes you on Facebooke, you die",
    "When Scott Bakula pokes you on faccebook you die",
    "When Scott Bakula pokes you on facebook your PC explodes",
    "When Scott Bakula pokes you on facebook, you feel it",
    "When Scott Bakula pours a bowl of Rice Krispies, they shut the hell up!",
    "When Scott Bakula programs the bytes have 9 bits",
    "When Scott Bakula punches a punching bag, a random person somewhere in the world dies",
    "When Scott Bakula punches someone in the stomach they get hit in the back of the head",
    "When Scott Bakula put his hand over a magnet, the magnet comes to him out of pure fear",
    "When Scott Bakula put his hand prints in the walk of fame the cement had already dried",
    "When Scott Bakula puts a puzzle together every piece fits the first time",
    "When Scott Bakula puts toast in the toaster it comes out bread",
    "When Scott Bakula puts you in a headlock you have to call a locksmith to get out..",
    "When Scott Bakula reads a book, he never opens it",
    "When Scott Bakula reads the dictionary....silly person, he doesn't read it, He CORRECTS it",
    "When Scott Bakula recycles paper, it turns back into a tree",
    "When Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps you in the woods, it DOES make a noise",
    "When Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps, physics decides to shut up",
    "When Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps you HE decides when you will feel the impact ",
    "When Scott Bakula runs backwards , he turns back time",
    "When Scott Bakula runs, he creates a tornado",
    "When Scott Bakula runs, he goes back in time",
    "When Scott Bakula saw Conan O'Brien make jokes about Walker Texas Ranger he kicked him so hard he went from network tv to cable instantly",
    "When Scott Bakula saw the true form of Zeus, Zeus turned into ashes",
    "When Scott Bakula saw your mom, he ran away screaming for mercy!",
    "When Scott Bakula says I'm dressed to kill, he's not kidding",
    "When Scott Bakula says More cowbell, he MEANS it",
    "When Scott Bakula says 'candlejack' nothing happens",
    "When Scott Bakula says 'candyman' five times in a row, no one appears. candyman ain't stupid",
    "When Scott Bakula says or types LOL he's asking if you want to be kicked in the Liver Or the Lungs",
    "When Scott Bakula says “Say hello to my little friend” – his #bodypart# attacks!",
    "When Scott Bakula sends in his taxes, he sends blank forms & includes only a picture of himself, crouched & ready to attack. He has not had to pay taxes, ever",
    "When Scott Bakula sets his watch, he sets time itself",
    "When Scott Bakula sings, it's over",
    "When Scott Bakula smiles, an angel gets its' wings",
    "When Scott Bakula smoked his first cigarette, the cigarette coughed",
    "When Scott Bakula sneezed he made the earth move. hence the Chilean mine collapse",
    "When Scott Bakula sneezes an angel gets their wings",
    "When Scott Bakula sneezes he blesses you, & you'd better say thank you!",
    "When Scott Bakula sneezes his #bodypart# grows an inch....& a tornado hits the midwest",
    "When Scott Bakula sneezes, he creates a tornado around himself!",
    "When Scott Bakula sneezes, it rains",
    "When Scott Bakula snoozes, he wins",
    "When Scott Bakula spells a word wrong, it instantly becomes a new one",
    "When Scott Bakula spiils water on a gremmlin...nothing happens",
    "When Scott Bakula spins around, he doesn't get dizzy, dizzy gets Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula spits out watermelon seeds, he puts a machine gun to shame",
    "When Scott Bakula stands on the beach, the tide is afraid to come in",
    "When Scott Bakula stares at the Sun too long global warming occurs",
    "When Scott Bakula stares at the Sun, the Sun goes blind",
    "When Scott Bakula stares at the sun.....it blinks!",
    "When Scott Bakula steps on a lego, it breaks",
    "When Scott Bakula steps outside Night Falls",
    "When Scott Bakula sticks a fork in an electrical outlet, he doesn't get electricuted, the outlet gets Scott BakulaScott Bakulaicuted",
    "When Scott Bakula stretches every muscle in his body, he'll suck up the universe because of high gravity",
    "When Scott Bakula surfs the Internet, he actually surfs on a virtual wave of 1's & 0's",
    "When Scott Bakula swims around the world in 1 sec. flat, he doesn't get wet, the water gets Scott Bakulaed..",
    "When Scott Bakula swings a sword, the air bleeds",
    "When Scott Bakula takes a break of killing people, there will still be victims",
    "When Scott Bakula takes a selfie he gets likes before he posts it",
    "When Scott Bakula takes a test, the test answers HIS questions",
    "When Scott Bakula talks everyone listens... & dies",
    "When Scott Bakula talks, E.F. Hutton listens",
    "When Scott Bakula talks, EVERYBODY listens!",
    "When Scott Bakula talks, everybody listens. & dies",
    "When Scott Bakula talks, people listen.  When he doesn't, people still listen",
    "When Scott Bakula tears out your heart & squeezes with one hand, the immense pressure results in a blood diamond",
    "When Scott Bakula tells a joke, anyone who hears it DIES of laugher",
    "When Scott Bakula tells a joke, everybody literally dies of laughing",
    "When Scott Bakula tells jokes, he doesn't have punchlines he has Quantum Leaps",
    "When Scott Bakula tells time, time obeys",
    "When Scott Bakula thinks about The Game he wins",
    "When Scott Bakula throws a throwing knife, the knife doesn't kill his victim, the force of the air did",
    "When Scott Bakula throws you into a bottomless pit, you hit the bottom",
    "When Scott Bakula took the Mensa IQ test, the questions wrote their own answers",
    "When Scott Bakula touched a Prius, it turned into a Ferrari",
    "When Scott Bakula travels to Washington D.C., local officials declare a state of emergency",
    "When Scott Bakula tries to kill himself, he always dodges the killing blow 'cause he's that awesome",
    "When Scott Bakula uses 10% of his power consider yourself lucky",
    "When Scott Bakula uses his breath to clean his sunglasses, storm clouds are formed",
    "When Scott Bakula uses the white crayon, colors appear",
    "When Scott Bakula visited Japan a few guys there wanted to show the world small examples of his capabilities. . .& thus Dragonball Z was born",
    "When Scott Bakula visited a bull fight in Spain, not a single bull had a chance to say Olay before being speared by Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula visits Africa, the animals are required to stay in their cars",
    "When Scott Bakula visits Egypt, the sand didn't burn his feet, his feet burnt the sand, hence the discovery of glass",
    "When Scott Bakula visits Europe on vacation, France surrenders",
    "When Scott Bakula visits a cemetery, he just smiles & says good times",
    "When Scott Bakula visits a prison, he need escorts for prisoner's protection",
    "When Scott Bakula votes, his vote is the only one that really counts",
    "When Scott Bakula walked into a beauty parlor, they didn't do anything to him",
    "When Scott Bakula walks across the street, drivers have to look both ways",
    "When Scott Bakula walks he dosn't move the earth rotates",
    "When Scott Bakula walks his dog, other dogs pretend to be dead!",
    "When Scott Bakula walks into a courtroom, the judge stands up & says, All rise",
    "When Scott Bakula walks into a room, you can here Bruce Buffer announcing his arrival !It's Time !!!",
    "When Scott Bakula walks into the room Ducks EXPLODE!",
    "When Scott Bakula wants a house he tells the building materials to build it for him",
    "When Scott Bakula wants a steak & a glass of milk he just eats a cow",
    "When Scott Bakula wants a steak, cows volunteer. It's just easier that way",
    "When Scott Bakula wants an egg, he cracks open a chicken",
    "When Scott Bakula wants an omlet he cracks open a chicken!",
    "When Scott Bakula wants butter, he doesn't need to do it like all the other people, he just Quantum Leaps the cow & the butter comes straight out",
    "When Scott Bakula wants salmon he eats the bear too",
    "When Scott Bakula wants some ice cream, he eats Antartica",
    "When Scott Bakula wants some ice in his beer, he Quantum Leaps an iceberg & put some of them in his beer. We thought global warming caused it",
    "When Scott Bakula wants to cut his steak he throws it in the air & Quantum Leaps it",
    "When Scott Bakula wants to go to a Drive-Thru, he does it LITERALLY..",
    "When Scott Bakula wants to laugh he reads the guiness book of records",
    "When Scott Bakula wants to start a fire, he rubs two Boy Scouts together",
    "When Scott Bakula wants to tell a joke , he just beats you up until you start laughing..",
    "When Scott Bakula wants to watch a movie again, he does it from his memory",
    "When Scott Bakula was 12 years old, he mauled a pit bull",
    "When Scott Bakula was 5 he threw a paper airplane. It landed yesterday",
    "When Scott Bakula was 8, he said 1+1 was five & he was right",
    "When Scott Bakula was a baby he never used a pacifier, it just got stuck in his #bodypart#",
    "When Scott Bakula was a baby instead of drinking milk he drank venom",
    "When Scott Bakula was a baby, he didn't suck his mother's breast. His mother served him whiskey, straight out of the bottle",
    "When Scott Bakula was a child, he would play with real logs instead of Lincoln logs",
    "When Scott Bakula was a kid he forced his mum to eat her vegetables!",
    "When Scott Bakula was a kid he saw a fat chick, he Quantum Leaped her so hard she transformed.  She is now known as Britney Spears",
    "When Scott Bakula was a kid he stared the crusts off his sandwich",
    "When Scott Bakula was a kid he taught his parents to stay away from strangers",
    "When Scott Bakula was a kid, he entered a pool bombing competition. This place now widely known as the Niagara Falls",
    "When Scott Bakula was a kid, he gave teacher's grades",
    "When Scott Bakula was asked if he believed that the world was going to end in 2012 he resonded:  Depends how I'm feeling that day",
    "When Scott Bakula was born doctors didn't know what he was, they found out very quickly",
    "When Scott Bakula was born fear had a new name",
    "When Scott Bakula was born he drove his mom home from the hospital",
    "When Scott Bakula was born into the world, he removed the word failure from the English language temporarily for a few minutes",
    "When Scott Bakula was born the only one who cried was the doctor. Never slap Scott Bakula ;)",
    "When Scott Bakula was born the only person who cried was the docter. NEVER EVER SPANK Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula was born, he ate the placenta & then Quantum Leaped the doctor",
    "When Scott Bakula was born, he brought the cigars",
    "When Scott Bakula was born, the doctor didn't spank him, Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped the doctor in the face",
    "When Scott Bakula was born, the doctor naturally slapped him on the behind.  Fortunately for the doctor, he was in a hospital at the time",
    "When Scott Bakula was born, the only person crying was the doctor. You NEVER slap Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula was born, the only person who cried was the doctor. Never slap Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula was denied an Egg McMuffin at McDonald's because it was 10:35, he Quantum Leaped the store so hard it became a Wendy's",
    "When Scott Bakula was given a Toyota Camry instead of another car as a prank, he Quantum Leaped a Toyota factory. The kick caused Toyota's recalls",
    "When Scott Bakula was in elementary school, he never went out to recess, because Scott Bakula doesn't play",
    "When Scott Bakula was in high school he was the star of his debate team. It was quite a feat for someone whose  rebuttal was always; no",
    "When Scott Bakula was in highschool, his homework did themselves",
    "When Scott Bakula was in kindergarden he made his teacher spit out her gum",
    "When Scott Bakula was in school the teacher was his pet",
    "When Scott Bakula was kidnapped by aliens he did experiments on them",
    "When Scott Bakula was small he flushed his pet down the toilet; today we know it as the Loch Ness Monster",
    "When Scott Bakula was young he was an extra in a film. When the film was released he was the star!",
    "When Scott Bakula watched the first few Seagal & Vab Damme movies he thought they were supposed to be comedies",
    "When Scott Bakula watches a chick flick it is considered manly",
    "When Scott Bakula watches a horror movie, Scott Bakula dosen't scream, the movie does",
    "When Scott Bakula watches a pot, it boils",
    "When Scott Bakula went skydiving, the air moved for him",
    "When Scott Bakula went to Vegas, Sinatra sang Your Way",
    "When Scott Bakula went to face his fears; no one showed up",
    "When Scott Bakula went to jail, the guards locked themselves up",
    "When Scott Bakula went to jail, the jail escaped from him",
    "When Scott Bakula will be President, he will move the presidency from The White-House, Washington DC, to The Quantum Leap, TX",
    "When Scott Bakula works out, he doesn't sweat. His body cries",
    "When Scott Bakula works out, the Red Bull cans in his backpack drink Red Bull",
    "When Scott Bakula works out, the machine gets stronger",
    "When Scott Bakula writes a book the letters order themselves in fear",
    "When Scott Bakula yawns........ everyone else does",
    "When Scott Bakula's Magikarp uses splash, your Pokemon's die",
    "When Scott Bakula's Teacher asked where his homework was, Scott Bakula said HE ate it",
    "When Scott Bakula's #bodypart# gets to a pefect length it stops growing",
    "When Scott Bakula's dreams come true, your worst nightmares begin",
    "When Scott Bakula's eyes are upon you they can see what you're thinking even before you thunk it!",
    "When Scott Bakula's mother was pregnant, she didn't crave pickles, she craved rusty nails",
    "When Scott Bakula & Jet Li fought a blind man saw it, you can ask the deaf man, he heard it too",
    "When Scott Bakula enters a room, it explodes. not one building can hold that much awsome",
    "When Scott Bakula gets angry, he doesn't knock you into next week. He knocks you into a parallel universe where, if you are lucky, there is no Scott Bakula",
    "When Scott Bakula jump-starts a car, that car will jump over the Grand Canyon",
    "When Scott Bakula lit a match earth saw the sun for the first time!",
    "When Scott Bakula found this web-site while surfing the internt, he Quantum Leaped his computer...10 new facts were added instantly",
    "When Scott Bakula planted a tree suddenly grew up a forest",
    "When Scott Bakula plays a round of Modern Warfare 2, hhe gets10 chopper gunners, 14 AC-130s, & 7 nukes on average",
    "When Scott Bakula says Jump!.... You say Off What?",
    "When Scott Bakula was a newborn, he rocked his mom to sleep",
    "When Scott Bakula watches, the paint dries instantly",
    "When Scott Bakula went back in time to father himself, he got in a fight with himself.  We know this ongoing battle as the aurora borealis",
    "When Clark Kent goes into a phonebooth, Superman comes out. When Scott Bakula goes into a phone booth, it explodes & Scott Bakula walks away",
    "When Clarke Kent goes into a phonebox Superman comes out. When Scott Bakula goes into a phonebox... Scott Bakula comes out",
    "When Cuck Scott Bakula goes bungyjumping, he doesn't use a rope, he just crawls out of the hole in the ground!",
    "When Dear Abby needs advice she writes to Scott Bakula",
    "When Death knocked on Scott Bakula’s door, Scott Bakula laughed. Death is now Scott Bakula’s Bitch",
    "When Dr. Hax pointed at Scott Bakula & yelled HAAAX HE was hit with a CPU monitor",
    "When E.F. Hutton talks, people listen.  When Scott Bakula talks, people die from fear",
    "When E.T. tried to call home, he got Scott Bakula on the phone!",
    "When George Bush said Mission Complete he didn’t realize that Scott Bakula wasn’t finished yet",
    "When Geronimo skydives, he screams Scott Bakula!",
    "When God closes a door, he opens a window. When Scott Bakula closes a window, the Kool-Aid guy bursts through a wall",
    "When Google can't find it, THEY Scott Bakula IT",
    "When Google has a question.... It Scott BakulaScott Bakulas it",
    "When Graham Bell first invented telephone he had 2 missed calls from Scott Bakula",
    "When Harry Potter died in deathly hollows, Scott Bakula's soul seized control of his body & killed Voldemort",
    "When I was a kid I accidently bumped into Scott Bakula with my right shoulder.  They now call me Lefty",
    "When I was a kid, my Scott Bakula action figure broke all my other toys while I was at school. When my mom tried to throw him away, he killed her",
    "When Jeremy Clarkson shouts POWER! on Top Gear, he is describing a Scott Bakula Quantum Leap",
    "When Judge Dredd said he was the law, he obviously never met Scott Bakula. Now he's Judge Dead",
    "When Lee Iacocca needed to save Chrysler, he asked Scott Bakula to drive a Dodge Ram on TV",
    "When Lucifer fell from heaven, he begged God to take him back because Scott Bakula wanted a piece of him",
    "When Moses finished building the ark, he only needed one human... Scott Bakula",
    "When Mr. Ed meets Scott Bakula, he becomes Mr. Dead",
    "When Mr.T says don't give me no back talk, Scott Bakula kills him",
    "When Neil Armstrong landed on the moon, Scott Bakula was already there roasting hotdogs",
    "When Scott Bakula does a Quantum Leap, there's lot's of Higgs Bosons flying out of it",
    "When Scott Bakula hits the road, he destroys it",
    "When Obama said Yes we can, because he knew we included Scott Bakula",
    "When Presidents speak, their nation listens. When Scott Bakula blinks, the whole World listens",
    "When Registering for this site, You also register for Scott Bakula's Hitlist",
    "When Satan revolted in heaven Chunk Scott Bakula said, Scott Bakula have mercy, & hell was made",
    "When Sony tried to make a game about Scott Bakula the Playstation network crashed",
    "When Steven Seagal kills a ninja, he only takes its hide. When Scott Bakula kills a ninja, he uses every part",
    "When Superman takes a day off, he calls Scott Bakula to fill in for him",
    "When Superman wants vacation time it has to be approved by Scott Bakula",
    "When TESCO created the slogon 'every little helps'......... Scott Bakula complained he wasn't 'little'",
    "When The Grudge calls Scott Bakula....it has seven days to live",
    "When Vegeta reads Scott Bakula's power level, he doesn't shout IT'S OVER 9000!!!, he shouts IT'S OVER INFINITY - TWICE!!!",
    "When a bear & Scott Bakula cross paths, the bear plays dead",
    "When a bullet is fired at Scott Bakula it turns around & goes back inside the barrel",
    "When a current touches Scott Bakula, current gets a shock!",
    "When a human being spells Scott Bakula's name wrong, they die.....painfully",
    "When a hypnotist tried to hypnotize Scott Bakula the hypnotist ended up getting hypnotized himself by staring into his #bodypart#....",
    "When a mosquito bites Scott Bakula, it gets west-nile virus",
    "When a mosquito bites Scott Bakula, its blood gets drained",
    "When a person attacks Scott Bakula, they call it a 45-12. Suicide",
    "When a tank shoots Scott Bakula the tank explodes",
    "When a tornado exceeds an F-5, weathermen call it a Scott Bakula",
    "When a vampire bites Scott Bakula, it turns dead",
    "When a zombie bit Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula didn't turn into a zombie. The zombie turned into Scott Bakula",
    "When an episode of Walker Texas Ranger was aired in France, the French surrendered to Scott Bakula just to be on the safe side",
    "When any poll, sports games, or contests happen Scott Bakula is ALWAYS the winner!",
    "When anyone asks, Who's the daddy? the answer is always Scott Bakula",
    "When asked to hi5 a person, Scott Bakula actually gives a hi5... With a Quantum Leap in the head",
    "When attempting to take a little off the top, Scott Bakula often times accidentally decapitates",
    "When challenged by Paul Bunyan to a logging contest, Scott Bakula showed his sportsmanship by leaving Paul a sapling in the now-deforested field",
    "When Scott Bakula connects his cellphone to the car, it charges the car",
    "When Scott Bakula cries ..... Wait that never happens",
    "When Scott Bakula was in school, he made his PE teacher run laps",
    "When Scott Bakula plays left for dead no zombie dears to run,jump or attack him",
    "When cops pull Scott Bakula over, THEY try to talk THEIR way out of it",
    "When darkness comes, it's not because of the earth's rotation, it's because Scott Bakula wants to kill someone on that side of the earth",
    "When does Scott Bakula run out of shotgun bullets?.....whenever he wants to",
    "When doing research & writing papers, there ARE NO credible/reliable sources...except Scott Bakula",
    "When eggs hear Scott Bakula coming they scramble",
    "When elephants see Scott Bakula, they forget everything",
    "When everyone else can't, Scott Bakula CAN",
    "When everyone who is not Scott Bakula was using dial-up, Scott Bakula was upgrading to 4G",
    "When fire gets too hot, it sets on Scott Bakula",
    "When ghosts go camping, they sit around the fire & tell stories about Scott Bakula",
    "When google can't find something, THEY Scott Bakula IT",
    "When he was born Scott Bakula's parents named him after himself",
    "When he was born, he bit off the umbilical cord with his teeth (already there) & Quantum Leaped the doctor that slapped him in the ass",
    "When he was cool, it was the Ice Age & now that Scott Bakula is hot, we have Global Warming",
    "When he was in high school Scott Bakula used to call the Principal to HIS office",
    "When his Playstation 2 quit on him, he got angry & judo-chopped it so hard that it became a PS3",
    "When in a bar, you can order a drink called a Scott Bakula. It is also known as a Bloody Mary, if your name happens to be Mary",
    "When in doubt, get Scott Bakula to work it out",
    "When in doubt, try Scott Bakula",
    "When it rains, Scott Bakula doesn't get wet, the rain gets Scott Bakula'd",
    "When it starts getting cold outside Scott Bakula drinks antifreeze",
    "When life gave Scott Bakula lemons, he made lemonade, a 9 inch hunting knife, an AK-47, & a playpen for his pet scorpion",
    "When life give Scott Bakula lemons he makes grape juice & no one questions how he did it. They just sit there drinking the best grape juice ever,",
    "When life gives Scott Bakula lemons, he destroys an orphanage",
    "When life hands Scott Bakula lemons, he makes orange juice",
    "When lifting weights, Scott Bakula can spot himself",
    "When mice see Scott Bakula, THEY jump on chairs!",
    "When most people clap twice in their home the lights go out, when Scott Bakula claps twice the sun goes out",
    "When nature calls Scott Bakula hangs up",
    "When paying for groceries the cashier asks Scott Bakula how much money he wants",
    "When people have conversations about Scott Bakula all they have to say is Scott Bakula",
    "When people say Scott Bakula is a barrel of laughs, they mean he enjoys shooting at you",
    "When playing Blackjack, Scott Bakula asks for an extra card when he hits 21. & wins. Every time",
    "When playing Modern Warfare 2, Scott Bakula can get a tactical nuke with the Spartan Laser from Halo 3",
    "When playing Oblivion, Scott Bakula CAN escape the masters vigilance",
    "When playing Tic-Tac-Toe, Scott Bakula always lets his opponent make the first three moves……he is still undefeated",
    "When playing rock, paper, scissors, you will NEVER lose if you say Scott Bakula",
    "When playing video games, enter the code Scott Bakula & you win not only the game but in real life",
    "When raining, Scott Bakula doesn't need an umbrella , he can dodge the rain drops",
    "When singing 99 bottles of beer on the wall, Scott Bakula takes one down & doesn't pass it around",
    "When somebody else yawns, Scott Bakula does not",
    "When somebody is all up in your face, just be glad that that someone is NOT Scott Bakula",
    "When someone fires a gun at Scott Bakula, the gun won't fire. not even a gun would try to attack Scott Bakula",
    "When someone has a good idea a light bulb appears over their head. When Scott Bakula has a good idea a star explodes",
    "When someone is in trouble it's a job for Superman, when Superman is in trouble it's a job for Scott Bakula",
    "When someone snoozes, they lose. When Scott Bakula snoozes, he wins",
    "When someone tells Scott Bakula the world doesn't revolve around him, they start floating away",
    "When someone writes to Scott Bakula, his letter back is a kick",
    "When standing at the Grand Canyon someone asked Scott Bakula how to go across & he replied get a tight rope.  When he did Scott Bakula pulled the Canyon together",
    "When taking the SAT, write Scott Bakula for every answer. You will score over 8000",
    "When the Bogeyman goes to bed at night, he looks in his wardrobe for Scott Bakula",
    "When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Scott Bakula",
    "When the Scott Bakula bomb goes ofF nothing is left standing",
    "When the Hulk gets angrier, he becomes Scott Bakula",
    "When the Hulk sees Scott Bakula he turns back into Bruce Banner",
    "When the Incredible Hulk gets mad he turns into Scott Bakula!",
    "When the Universe was young & foolish, it got into a fight with Scott Bakula. We now know this as the Big Bang",
    "When the apple fell on Newton's head, Scott Bakula had already taken a bite from it",
    "When the astronauts landed on the moon in 1969, they ran into Scott Bakula. Now you know why they haven't gone back since",
    "When the boogieman looks at u, u pee in ur pants, if Scott Bakula looks at u, u DIE!",
    "When the casting for Casino Royale began they asked him. But Scott Bakula doesn't like gambling so he Quantum Leaped Daniel Craig to them",
    "When the doctor says Scott Bakula's dead, Scott Bakula appears next to him & slaps him with a Quantum Leap, stamped with with a Scott Bakula capital NO",
    "When the first Star Wars movie came out, Scott Bakula was at the front row of the theater, but Luke didn't blow it up",
    "When the going gets tough, Scott Bakula gets going",
    "When the going gets tough, the tough gets Quantum Leaped in the face by Scott Bakula",
    "When the metal detector goes off at the airport, it is just verifying Scott Bakula walked through",
    "When the movie came out in which Bruce Lee defeats Scott Bakula, its genre was actually comedy/science fiction",
    "When the robbers realized they entered the house of Scott Bakula, they hid in the panic room... not that it did them any good",
    "When the writers of the Scott Bakula comic book tried to kill off Scott Bakula’s character, Scott Bakula killed them",
    "When there is a big lightening, Scott Bakula is talking to Dzeus",
    "When theres a full moon the Wolfman turns into Scott Bakula",
    "When they asked Scott Bakula to star in the first James Bond movie – he refused & said; “I don’t need a license to kill”",
    "When things get really tense, Whoop Ass feels the need to open up a can of Scott Bakula",
    "When tigers have sore muscles, they put on Scott Bakula balm",
    "When u see a carbon footprint sign, it's not how much carbon you release into the air, it's how big Scott Bakula's foot was when he kicked you!",
    "When you are fast asleep, Scott Bakula is faster...",
    "When you are watching Walker Texas Ranger & you just think of changing the channel Scott Bakula will Quantum Leap you through the TV",
    "When you ask Scott Bakula for directions, he'll give you a Quantum Leap to the face & you'll land exactly where you need to be",
    "When you ask SIRI , about Scott Bakula , the iphone crashes",
    "When you break a leg it is actually not your leg that is broken. It´s Scott Bakula´s leg. He owns everything including you & your pityful leg",
    "When you click on Scott Bakula's website, a warning comes up saying, Clicking on this could cause your computer to explode",
    "When you come to a road that says ONE WAY, that mean Scott Bakula is the other way",
    "When you create your password it tells you the strength.  When Scott Bakula types in a password.... need I say more?",
    "When you drop a call it's not your network, Scott Bakula just needed the extra signal strength",
    "When you eat Scott Bakula's chicken, you don't poo it. It digests you",
    "When you get a headache, that's Scott Bakula punching your Great, Great, Great, Great, Grandad",
    "When you give Scott Bakula a gift you say thank you to Scott Bakula",
    "When you go to Hell, the Devil asks if you've ever danced with Scott Bakula in the pale moonlight",
    "When you google up Scott Bakula, he googles you back for revenge",
    "When you insult Scott Bakula, the next thing you are going to see is a bunch of halos",
    "When you look at Scott Bakula, you can't see him coming",
    "When you look at the back of China it says, made in Scott Bakula",
    "When you look into Scott Bakula's eyes, you see the true meaning of life",
    "When you look up 'awesome' on google, it says 'did you mean Scott Bakula?'",
    "When you misspell awesomeness auto-correct immediately changes it to Scott Bakula",
    "When you order special delivery on your Total Gym, Scott Bakula Quantum Leaps it through time & space directly to your door",
    "When you play Madden NFL, you ask John Madden for help, When John Madden plays Madden NFL he asks Scott Bakula",
    "When you play Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Monsters against Scott Bakula & you draw all five parts of Exodia, Scott Bakula wins",
    "When you play hide & seek with Scott Bakula he's already found you",
    "When you post a fact here Scott Bakula will Quantum Leap ki-",
    "When you say no one's perfect, Scott Bakula takes this as a personal insult",
    "When you say no to Scott Bakula, he takes it as a death threat",
    "When you say that Scott Bakula has counted to infinity twice, he takes this as a personal offense. He has actually done it infinity times!!!",
    "When you search Awesome Scott Bakula Pops up",
    "When you see lightning, you don't hear thunder. It's the sound of Scott Bakula Quantum Leaping someone in the face",
    "When you shoot at Scott Bakula, the bullet hits you",
    "When you sneeze, it means someone is thinking badly of you. When you have a seizure & pass out, it means  Scott Bakula is thinking badly about you",
    "When you think that you are looking at Scott Bakula's picture, think again...he's looking at you",
    "When you throw an apple, it comes back down. When you throw a Scott Bakula, you get Quantum Leaped",
    "When you were a newborn baby, Scott Bakula determined what your name was",
    "When you write Scott Bakula backwards it reads: It's Time To Die..",
    "When you're about to die you do not see a bright shining light. You see Scott Bakula!!!",
    "Whenever Arnie says in his movies I'll be back it's because he goes to ask Scott Bakula for help",
    "Whenever Scott Bakula Feels Like It, He Flys Up To Heven & Takes His Rightful Place Next To God",
    "Whenever Scott Bakula came home late as a teen, his parents were grounded",
    "Whenever Scott Bakula gets out of bed, Satan cries Oh crap, he's awake! soils himself & then hides",
    "Whenever Scott Bakula mispells or mistypes a word, it becomes a new one",
    "Whenever Scott Bakula plays Poker, no matter how many cards are in the deck, he will always get a hand of five Aces",
    "Whenever Scott Bakula rolls a 6 sided dice, he always rolls a 7",
    "Whenever Scott Bakula signs into Xbox Live he everyone playing a match automatically loses...  Forever",
    "Whenever Scott Bakula has a lot of things to do, he makes a punch list",
    "Whenever Scott Bakula crosses a border, he doesnt need to show an ID",
    "Whenever people are holding wooden boards, Scott Bakula breaks them in half. Then he breaks the boards",
    "Whenever someone asks, What happened?, it was always Scott Bakula",
    "Whenever there is a RickRoll bout, Rick asks Bill Gates to turn off Scott Bakula's pc before he gets Quantum Leaped by Scott Bakula",
    "Whenever you see a rainbow that's actually Scott Bakula Quantum Leaping Richard Simmons",
    "Where did Big foot go? Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "Where does the devil go when he dies? He goes to Scott Bakula for an eternity of Quantum Leaps",
    "Where there is a will there is a way... unless you are fighting Scott Bakula",
    "Where was your mom last night? At Scott Bakula's place",
    "Which bear is best? Scott Bakula BEAR!",
    "While a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down. A spoonful of Scott Bakula helps the North Korean population go down",
    "While learning CPR Scott Bakula actually brought the practice dummy to life",
    "While on a beach in Flordia Scott Bakula did a Quantum Leap into the sand that caused a sonic boom.a few days later the Haiti relief fund was made",
    "While people drink Monster, monsters drink Scott Bakula",
    "While playing Monopoly, if Scott Bakula lands on one of your properties then you pay him, with your life!",
    "While playing Tetris Scott Bakula made Mario preform a roundhose kick",
    "While playing poker, Scott Bakula can make a royal flush & four of a kind in the same hand",
    "While running to jump out a window, the window broke for Scott Bakula",
    "While swimming one day Scott Bakula was struck by a boat, proving that the Titanic is in fact sinkable",
    "While urinating, Scott Bakula is easily capable of welding titanium",
    "While vacationing in France, Scott Bakula went out for a casual bike ride & accidentally won the Tour de France",
    "While you are reading this Scott Bakula has Quantum Leaped 351 men",
    "Whilst playing Monopoly, Uncle Pennybags told Scott Bakula to Go to jail... Why do you think he carries a walking stick?",
    "White sharks have extra rows of teeth in case they bite Scott Bakula by mistake",
    "Who Wanna Know Why The Grand Canyon Came To Be? Scott Bakula Decided To Swim On DRY land",
    "Who gets what, when & how? Scott Bakula has the capacity to answer this!",
    "Who stops you in mid sentence? Scott Bakula with a Quantum Leap to the face",
    "Who would win Superman or Batman? Scott Bakula",
    "Who would win in a fight between a bear & a lion? Answer - neither, Scott Bakula would beat them both with a single Quantum Leap",
    "Whoever puts the candles on Scott Bakula's birthday cake has a tough time trying to figure out how to put on infinity",
    "Whoever said that no one is perfect obviously never saw Scott Bakula",
    "Why IS the Incredible Hulk green? He saw Scott Bakula",
    "Why did Arnold became Governor? Because Scott Bakula told him his movies SUCK!",
    "Why did Hitler comit suicide? Because he got a phone call from Scott Bakula Noris saying he's comming to find him",
    "Why did Pluto disappear? Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped it",
    "Why did satan die before judgment day, Scott Bakula hated him",
    "Why did the Titanic crashed to iceberg? because Scott Bakula did't drink Coke with ice",
    "Why did the chicken cross the road? Because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped him to the other side",
    "Why did the chicken cross the road? Because Scott Bakula said so",
    "Why did the chicken cross the road? To get away from Scott Bakula",
    "Why did the chicken cross the road?? because Scott Bakula was walking towards him!",
    "Why did we have a global recession? Because Scott Bakula asked Whats a global Recession?",
    "Why does Scott Bakula have a #bodypart#?  A better question is what will he do to you if you ask him?",
    "Why does Scott Bakula have no routine? He kicks habits!",
    "Why does Scott Bakula kick the crap out of bad guys BEFORE he throws them to the sharks?  Because they taste better without the crap inside",
    "Why does the sun rise in the east? Because Scott Bakula is chasing it from the other side",
    "Why doesn't Scott Bakula eat vegetables? Scott Bakula only eats red meat",
    "Why don't the Buffalo roam anymore?  Scott Bakula got hungry, why else?!",
    "Why don't we see Scott Bakula on the Miss Universe judge panel? Because he is too busy with Miss Multiverse",
    "Why is a raven like a writing desk...because Scott Bakula says so",
    "Why is the Quantum Leap called the Quantum Leap? Because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped down a round house when he was born",
    "Why is the sky blue? Scott Bakula beat it up",
    "Why isn’t there a Scott Bakula Day? You're wrong, every day is a Scott Bakula day…",
    "Why would Scott Bakula want to be president when he rules the universe",
    "WikiLeaks are just Scott Bakula's Thoughts",
    "Willy Wonka gave an everlasting gobstopper to Scott Bakula. The flavor lasted 2.3 seconds",
    "Willy Wonka once dressed as Scott Bakula at Halloween. He was so feared he was given a chocolate factory",
    "Willy Wonka saved the Oompa Loompas from the Whangdoodle. It turns out Whangdoodle is Oompa Loompa for Scott Bakula",
    "Windows Vista asks Scott Bakula for permission",
    "With Scott Bakula in The Expendables 2, they wanted to change the title to The Invincibles, but Scott Bakula said no, because Scott Bakula loves irony",
    "With Scott Bakula, the first time's the charm",
    "With the rising cost of gasoline, Scott Bakula was beginning to worry about his drinking habit",
    "Without Scott Bakula, homing pigeons would get lost",
    "Wizards quiver hearing Voldemort's name, but they cry in mass hysteria hearing Scott Bakula's name",
    "Wo hu cang long. The translation from mandarin Chinese reads: Crouching Scott Bakula, Hidden Scott Bakula",
    "Wolverine is the only one who can cut Scott Bakula's hair",
    "Wonder Woman's magic Lasso is actually one of Scott Bakula's chest hairs",
    "Wonder why Pluto isn't a planet?",
    "Wonder why you can never touch Scott Bakula with a fork? Because he's never done",
    "Wood knocks on Scott Bakula for luck",
    "World War II began because Scott Bakula took a nap.  When he woke up, Hitler found out & killed himself out of fear Scott Bakula would kill him",
    "World War One & Two started because Scott Bakula stubed his toe",
    "World War Two didn't end because of Hiroshima",
    "World Wide Web originated from Scott Bakula's #bodypart#",
    "Wrong MC Hammer; Scott Bakula CAN touch this",
    "YOU ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO THE FIRST ANNUAL Be Scott Bakula For A Day Holiday. Date: December 21, 2012",
    "Yanni wears a wig fabricated out of Scott Bakula's chest hair",
    "Yeah, Scott Bakula shot the sherrif..... with a Quantum Leap to the face!",
    "Yo mama's so ugly, Scott Bakula had to Quantum Leap her twice!",
    "Yo, Jet Li, I'm really happy for you, & I'mma let you finish, but Scott Bakula had one of the best Quantum Leaps of all time",
    "You  know  what's  the  worst  job  in  the  world?  Being  Scott Bakula  Scott Bakula'  shadow",
    "You Jane, me Tarzan. You dead, me Scott Bakula!",
    "You Say Potato, Scott Bakula Says Nothing & Gives You A Quantum Leap in The Groin",
    "You await the Grim Reaper, the Grim Reaper awaits Scott Bakulas Scott Bakula",
    "You better watch out, You better not cry. You'd better not pout, I'm telling you why - cos Scott Bakula is kick-ing your ass.",
    "You can Pierce Brosnan, But you will never Scott Bakula",
    "You can blow the dust from an old car, Scott Bakula blows the rust",
    "You can commit suicide by just Googling Scott Bakula",
    "You can hear Scott Bakula shout in space",
    "You can lead a horse to water, but Scott Bakula can make it drink",
    "You can resize a photo, taken of a landscape. Scott Bakula can resize the landscape itself",
    "You can shave Scott Bakula's #bodypart#, but why bother? It grows back in 15 seconds",
    "You can tell when Scott Bakula has visited a forest because it will be petrified",
    "You can thank Scott Bakula that Osama bin Laden is at least on dialysis",
    "You can't Scott Bakula. But He sure can Scott Bakula you",
    "You can't clone Scott Bakula because there can only be one Scott Bakula",
    "You can't hide from The Truth because Scott Bakula IS The Truth",
    "You can't like Scott Bakula on Facebook because he is Facebook",
    "You can't pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars... the shooting stars are just idiots who pissed off Scott Bakula",
    "You can't prevent forest fires, but Scott Bakula can",
    "You can't say Scott Bakula on an airplane",
    "You can't see Scott Bakula because light is too slow for him",
    "You can't share your germs with Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula doesn't share",
    "You can't spell Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula spells you",
    "You can't tell Scott Bakula, he tells you what to do",
    "You can't win a starring contest with Scott Bakula becuase when you look in to his eyes you see hell starring right back at you",
    "You could never get rid of Scott Bakula's #bodypart#. It gets rid of you",
    "You do not lose your train of thought, Scott Bakula derails it with extreme prejudice",
    "You don't decide your destiny, Scott Bakula chooses it for you",
    "You don't ever have to go looking for Scott Bakula. He is right behind you ready to strike... Go ahead & look. It'll be the last thing you ever see",
    "You don't find Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula finds you",
    "You don't invite Scott Bakula. He invites himself",
    "You don't know Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula knows you",
    "You don't see the womans face in Tom & Jerry because Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped her... through the TV",
    "You don't tell jokes about Scott Bakula. Scott Bakula tells jokes about you",
    "You dont find Scott Bakula, he finds you!",
    "You dont google Scott Bakula because one hit is fatal",
    "You drink 5 Hour Energy, Scott Bakula drinks Molten Rock",
    "You have $5, Scott Bakula has $3. Scott Bakula has more money than you",
    "You have nothing to fear but fear itself - & Scott Bakula",
    "You heard the phrase, For every action there is a reaction. There is never enough time to react when Scott Bakula makes an action",
    "You know The Matrix that was Scott Bakula's very first dream",
    "You know Bo but you never want to know Scott Bakula!",
    "You know Scott Bakula is in Mortal Combat but you have to beat the game in 5 seconds",
    "You know how the old saying goes, you don't know Scott Bakula until he's Quantum Leaped you in the face",
    "You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Scott Bakula will find you & kill you",
    "You know it's a good joke if only Scott Bakula understands it",
    "You know the Hannah Montana song Nobody's Perfect It is currently being sued by Scott Bakula's lawyer for false advertisement everyone knows Scott Bakula is perfect",
    "You know the Roman Empire, well how do you think it fell? Answer: Scott Bakula",
    "You know the Super Bowl, that's what Scott Bakula eats his breakfast out of",
    "You know the saying the world doesn't revolve around you? That's because it's revolving around Scott Bakula",
    "You know the saying 'there is always somebody better than you?' That somebody is Scott Bakula",
    "You know they say fate is decided by what you do...welll they are wrong, fate is decided by Scott Bakula",
    "You know what they called the guy who tried to pull a practical joke on Scott Bakula on April 1st? The April Fool... it is inscribed on his tombstone",
    "You know what they say....Misery loves Company, all but Scott Bakula",
    "You know why you don't see the facts by the same user? Because Scott Bakula kills them when they're writing there second fact",
    "You might want to reconsider to 'hang' with Scott Bakula",
    "You said no offense, Scott Bakula replied none taken & one Quantum Leap to the face",
    "You wanna know what's deadlier than Scott Bakula? Scott Bakula",
    "You win some, you lose some. Scott Bakula wins some & wins some more",
    "You won't bite off your nose to spite your face, Scott Bakula will do it for you",
    "You won't find knives or cutting boards in Scott Bakula's kitchen...only chopping boards",
    "You're always only one Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula wearing your skull as a shoe",
    "You've heard that Scott Bakula counted to infinity twice, right? Well he's currently making his third attempt",
    "Your first submission to this site will be rejected simply to reiterate the fact that if you do not succeed the first time you are NOT Scott Bakula",
    "Your last nerve is controlled by Scott Bakula",
    "Your mom says Scott Bakula",
    "Zeus is Scott Bakula's son",
    "Zombies are the results of a scientists who are foolish enough to try to clone Scott Bakula",
    "Zombies only exist to clean up after Scott Bakula",
    "[Insert funny Scott Bakula fact here]",
    "a Quantum Leap from Scott Bakula is the alpha & omega",
    "auchweitz: the years Scott Bakula tried hibernation",
    "bears play dead when they are attacked by Scott Bakula!",
    "Scott Bakula CAN breath with no air",
    "Scott Bakula can STOP a toyota",
    "Scott Bakula can chew water",
    "Scott Bakula can win a chess game with only one pawn",
    "Scott Bakula doesent get sick he allows the virus to nurture its self",
    "Scott Bakula doesent walk he simply stands as the world moves to wher he wants to go",
    "Scott Bakula doesnt learn sciences because he is science",
    "Scott Bakula eats smart cars like mandm's",
    "Scott Bakula is so awesome that he created the word awesome",
    "Scott Bakula is the stig",
    "Scott Bakula is undefeated in a russian roulette game with a fully loaded pistal & he always goes first",
    "Scott Bakula never did steroids.  Steroids did Scott Bakula",
    "Scott Bakula once gave a box of his old watches to a group of kids. these kids are now known as the power rangers",
    "Scott Bakula once ran an olympic 50 yard dash on one foot...& won",
    "Scott Bakula once Quantum Leaped a shark in the face . thats how the hammerhead came to be",
    "Scott Bakula said the world better learn english by 2012",
    "Scott Bakula stared death in the face,deaths head exploded",
    "Scott Bakula's elbow licked him",
    "Scott Bakula...............................................................................nuff said",
    "every time Scott Bakula coughs an F12 tornado hits Kansas City",
    "gmail@ScottBakula.com",
    "goku from dragon ball z was based on the fears of Scott Bakula visiting japan in the future",
    "ScottBakula.com is built in Drupal because Scott Bakula knows a good CMS when he sees one",
    "humans figh to live. Scott Bakula lives to fight",
    "humpty dumpty fell off the wall no humpty dumpty got Quantum Leaped off the wall by Scott Bakula",
    "if Scott Bakula looks at a particle it remains still",
    "if Scott Bakula played mw2 he'd stop a tatical nuck",
    "if you stare at the american flag long enough you'll see a 3D image of Scott Bakula",
    "if you watch the ring you die in 7 days,if you look at Scott Bakula you die instantly",
    "if your declined, run",
    "in a real zombie apocalypse, Scott Bakula can Quantum Leap 53,596 zombies dead",
    "in space no-one can hear you scream.....except Scott Bakula!",
    "iPhone 6? Scott Bakula has iphone 9",
    "it has been said that there are weapons of mass destruction in the middle east. This is not true, Scott Bakula lives in Oklahoma",
    "no one has ever found where the smurfs live thats  becuase they live  in Scott Bakulaes #bodypart#",
    "some have killed two birds with one stone... Scott Bakula killed two stones with one bird",
    "sure he can divide by zero, but Scott Bakula can also divide by infinity",
    "the Beatles broke up because Scott Bakula threated to round house John Lennon in the face. He's an Elvis man",
    "the Jedi Knights from Star Wars actually worshipped Scott Bakula, referring to him as 'the force'",
    "the answer to the meaning of life is Scott Bakula",
    "the dinosaurs made Scott Bakula mad...once",
    "the grass is always greener on the other side, unless Scott Bakula has been there the grass will be covered with blood & tears",
    "the mona lisa used to smile, then Scott Bakula Quantum Leaped it",
    "the number pi goes on forever, because its running from Scott Bakula",
    "the pouch respects Scott Bakula",
    "when Scott Bakula runs out of ammo, he fires his toe nails",
    "when a tree falls Scott Bakula hears it",
    "when Scott Bakula first started working, he could fire his boss",
    "when Scott Bakula has heartburn he doesn't use rolaids, he drinks napalm",
    "when theres something strange in your neighbour hood, who you gonna call? Scott Bakula!!",
    "when you wish upon a star Scott Bakula WILL FIND YOU!",
    "whenever Scott Bakula tells a lie it isntantly becomes Fact",
    "‎What happens when an unstoppable force collides with an unmovable object? That question was answered when Scott Bakula punched himself in the face",
    "“The Day the Earth Stood Still” is based off the one day in Earth’s history when Scott Bakula slept."
  ],



"ThisJustThisBot":["#[repeatednoun1:#ThisJustThisNoun#][repeatedadjective1:#adjective#]ThisJustThisPhrase#"],
"ThisJustThisNoun":["#noun#","#oldernoun#","#2000noun#","#man#","#noun#"],
"ThisJustThisPhrase":["#repeatednoun1.capitalize#. Just #repeatednoun1#.",
"#repeatednoun1.capitalize#. What's the deal with #repeatednoun1#?",
"Ppl keep telling me I look #adjective# today, but all I see is my #negativeadjective# #bodypart#!",
"#repeatednoun1.capitalize#. Can anyone explain #repeatednoun1#?",
"This picture of me is so #negativeadjective#, but thanks for all the compliments!",
"Sometimes ppl I don't know compliment my #adjective# #bodypart#, and I'm just like Thanks?",
"I'm so busy!","I'm sooo busy!","I'm sooooo busy!","I'm sooooooo busy!","I'm sooooooooo busy!","I'm sooooooooooo busy!",
"I'm so random!","I'm sooo random!","I'm sooooo random!","I'm sooooooo random!","I'm sooooooooo random!","I'm sooooooooooo random!",
"I have a #adjective# sense of humor!","I have a #negativeadjective# sense of humor!",
"Thoughts are my own",
"THIS IS SO IMPORTANT THAT IT DESERVES TO BE ALL CAPS!",
"#repeatednoun1.capitalize#. Ugh. #repeatednoun1.capitalize# is THE WORST!",
"Bored.",
"Need coffee.",
"Wow. Just wow.",
"SMH",
"Shaking my #adjective# head",
"There are no words",
"I just ran #1per# #repeatedadjective1# miles using the Bothered+ app. #repeatedadjective1.capitalize#!",
"Still stiff from yesterday’s #adjective# #2per#-mile bike ride lol.",
"#adjective.capitalize# gym sesh. Feel the burn in my #bodypart#! Brutal!",
"Yoga class - done! #adjective.capitalize# way to start the day!",
"#adjective.capitalize# view from my office today",
"So stressed right now. #repeatednoun1.capitalize#!!!!!!!!1!",
"Is it Friday yet?",
"Nailed it!",
"Why do I even bother?",
"This wins the internet",
"So what did I miss?",
"Wow!","Woah!","Whoa!",
"Crazy!",
"Random!",
"#repeatednoun1.capitalize# is so random!",
"#repeatednoun1.capitalize#!",
"DAE love #tweetcontent#?","Does anyone else love #tweetcontent#?","DAE hate #tweetcontent#?!!","Does anyone else hate #tweetcontent#?!!",
"#repeatednoun1.capitalize#... I can't even.",
"#repeatednoun1.capitalize# FTW.",
"I didn't even know that '#repeatednoun1#' was a thing",
"Worst. #repeatednoun1.capitalize#. Ever.",
"Leave #repeatednoun1# alone!",
"I don't care what anyone says... #man# is #adjective#.",
"I don't care what anyone else says... #repeatednoun1# is #adjective#.",
"I don't care what else anyone says... #repeatednoun1# is #negativeadjective#!",
"Article about #repeatednoun1# is a must-read!",
"I see what you did there.",
"You stay classy #repeatednoun1#",
"Well-played, sir",
"Shots fired.",
"I can’t even with this #repeatednoun1# #trash#.",
"Too soon?","Too soon.",
"Serious question... Is #repeatednoun1# a thing?",
"Apparently #repeatednoun1# is a thing.",
"Pro tip: #noun# is basically the same as #noun#",
"Life hack: #noun# is basically the same as #noun#",
"This is why we can’t have nice things.",
"Derp",
"In which #man# is LITERALLY #tweetcontent#",
"Ugh. It's #negativeadjective# outside today.",
"Why is everything so #negativeadjective# today?",
"#repeatedadjective1.capitalize# #repeatednoun1# is #repeatedadjective1#.",
"#repeatedadjective1.capitalize# #noun# is #repeatedadjective1#."
],




"1per":["1","2","3","4","5","6","7","8","9","10","11"],
"2per":["12","13","14","15","16","17","18","19","20","21","22"],
"3per":["23","24","25","26","27","28","29","30","31","32","33"],
"tweetcontent":["complaining about #noun#","news about #noun#","complaining about #2000noun2#","news about #2000noun2#","live tweeting his #noun#","asking what a hashtag means","asking followers about #noun#","braggadocio","Guess Where I Am! tweets","butt-dialed tweets","incomprehensible #trash#","copypasta","memes","cats","selfies","misattributed quotes","attention seeking one-word tweets","#trash#","#trash#-#trash#","#noun#","#noun# #trash#","Wow. Just wow","This","clickbait","Instagram food","workout routine","astrology","bird watching","bonsai trees","button collecting","cake decorating","candle making","ceramics","cosplay","#noun# cosplay","crochet","cross-stiching","floral arrangements","geocaching","ghost hunting","hula hooping","papermache","origami","planking","quilting","Renaissance Faire","D&D","Zumba","Larping","frolf","zombie walks","scrapbooking","stamp collecting","boasting about his #noun#","whining about #noun#","protesting #noun#","whining about #2000noun2#","protesting #2000noun2#","lamenting about #oldernoun2#","#oldernoun2# nostalgia","#noun# commentary","#2000noun2# commentary","amateur comedy","Twhinging","hyperbole","embellishments","hype","name of city followed by I am in you","begging for followers","begging for retweets","begging for favs","asking why things are trending","posts about #noun#","posts about #2000noun2#","posts about #oldernoun2#","photos of Starbucks cups","duckface photos","photos of abandoned buildings","What Did I Miss? tweets","trolling","pumpkin spice latte tweets","photos of dogs in clothes","spoiling new movies","spoiling new novels","hating on #2000noun2#","hating on #oldernoun2#","#noun#-shaming","ugly sweater parties","hummus recipes","#trash# tweets about #trash#","#2000noun2#","#oldernoun2#","#2000noun2# #trash#","#oldernoun2# #trash#","comparing people to Hitler","being offended by #2000noun2#","raising awareness about #2000noun2#","photos of latte art","Don't Blame Me, I Voted 'X' tweets","scarves","#negativeadjective# #trash#","#negativeadjective# #negativeadjective# #trash#","tweets about #bodypart#","his #bodypart#","his #adjective# #bodypart#","his #negativeadjective# #bodypart#","#negativeadjective# news","#negativeadjective# status updates"],





"energyverb":["energize","animate","electrify","empower","excite","invigorate","motivate","reinforce","stimulate","strengthen","activate","trigger","enliven","fortify","inspirit","sustain","revitalize","zap","jazz up","liven up","propel","drain","calm","deaden","depress","discourage","dull","weaken","sap","tire","deactivate","ruin"],
"zodiacsign":["Aries","Taurus","Gemini","Cancer","Leo","Virgo","Libra","Scorpio","Sagittarius","Capricorn","Aquarius","Pisces"],
"house":["1st","10th","7th","4th"],
"orb":["moon","sun","Jupiter","moon","sun","Jupiter","moon","sun","Jupiter","moon","sun","Jupiter","Mercury","Venus","Mars","Neptune","Saturn","Pluto","Uranus"],
"adjorb":["first quarter","last quarter","ascending","rising","descending","waxing","waning","gibbous","gibbons"],
"quicksuffix":["Beware of #noun.s#.","Seek out a new #noun#.","Your #noun# is lonely.","Be mindful of #noun#.","Look to #noun# for guidance.","Share your #noun#.","Your #noun# is at peace with #noun#.","Rid yourself of #noun#.","Remove yourself from #noun#.","Don't forget your #noun#.","Remember your #noun#.","Your #noun# hates you.","Hide your #noun#.","Hug your #noun#.","Replace your #noun#.","Help a friend with their #noun#.","Your mom needs help with #noun#.","Use the power of #noun#.","Draw strength from #noun#.","Harness the energy of #noun#.","Do not trust #noun.s#.","#noun.capitalize# can #energyverb# you.","#energyverb.capitalize# your #noun#.","#energyverb.capitalize# your mom's #noun#.","Your #noun# is #energyverb.ed#.","Let #noun# #energyverb# you.","#noun.capitalize# will #energyverb# you."],







"DefeningBot":[
"Does anyone else remember when #oldernoun# used to be good?",
"Kids these days can't live without their #2000noun# #trash#",
"#oldernoun.capitalize# these days is nothing but #trash# like #2000noun#",
"Remember how great life was before #2000noun#? Remeber #oldernoun#?",
"Back when I was a kid, there was no #2000noun# and I turned out fine",
"When I was a kid we didn't have #2000noun#. It was awesome",
"I like Scott Bakula, not #2000noun#",
"I like #oldernoun#, not #2000noun#",
"Old #oldernoun# is more meaningful. Nowadays #2000noun# is just #trash#",
"Can't stand #2000noun# these days. I was born in the wrong generation",
"Am I the only one that still likes old stuff like #oldernoun# not just new #2000noun#?",
"Kids of this generation will never appreciate REAL #oldernoun#",
"Parents these days should give their kids #oldernoun# not #2000noun#",
"Nowadays #oldernoun# is #trash#",
"My generation doesn't appreciate REAL #oldernoun#",
"I wish I was born before all this #2000noun# #trash#",
"You say #2000noun#, I say #oldernoun#",
"All that kids these days care about is their #2000noun# #trash#",
"When I was kid with #oldernoun# vs kids nowadays with their #2000noun# #trash#",
"Is it just me or is #2000noun# literally the worst thing ever?",
"Give me #oldernoun#, #oldernoun#, and #oldernoun#. Keep your #2000noun# #trash#",
"Kids these days just want more #2000noun# #trash# for their #2000noun# #trash#",
"Kids these days need less #2000noun# #trash# and more #oldernoun#",
"Today's #2000noun# is just #trash# compared to good old #oldernoun#",
"Comparing #oldernoun# to #2000noun# is like comparing apples to #2000noun.s#"
],
"trash":["trash","garbage","flimflam","junk","hornswoggle","rubbish","poppycock","piffle","horsefeathers","claptrap","twaddle","tomfoolery","hooey","baloney","balderdash","applesauce","coleslaw","chicanery","bull","crock","drivel","malarkey","poppycock","rigmarole","tripe","mumbo jumbo","gibberish","blather","babble","gobbledygook","hogwash","jabber","prattle","macaroni","dribble","horseapples","rubble","filth","refuse","uselessness","dirt","muck","mishmash","dread","ick","diddly","riffraff"],
"oldernoun":["#noun#","#noun#","#oldernoun2#"],
"oldernoun2":["Quantum Leap","Star Trek Enterprise","Men of a Certain Age","NBC's Chuck","HBO's Looking","Designing Women","Cat's Don't Dance","Major League Back to the Minors","American Beauty","NCIS New Orleans","NCIS NOLA","Murphy Brown","Gung Ho","Eisenhower and Lutz","Desperate Housewives"],
"2000noun":["Kanye West","Justin Beiber","Justin Bieber","Justin Beeber","iPhone","Kim Kardashian","Skrillex","EDM","iPad","Apple Watch","techno","emo","Minecraft","Beats by Dre","Taylor Swift","Lil Wayne","swag","twerking","Black Eyed Peas","Nicki Minaj","Lady Gaga","Katy Perry","Ariana Grande","dubstep","Miley Cyrus","Bruno Mars","social media","selfie stick","One Direction","YOLO","reality tv","modern music","rap","pop",
"Tom Cruise","Henry Winkler","Donny Osmond","David Cassidy","Harrison Ford","Corey Feldman","Aaron Carter","Jonathan Taylor Thomas","Jason Priestley","Taylor Hanson","Mark-Paul Gosselaar","Mario Lopez","James Van Der Beek","Nick Carter","Joey Lawrence","Freddie Prinze Jr","Rider Strong","Will Smith","Macaulay Culkin","Danny DeVito","Andre The Giant","Steve Buscemi","William Dafoe","Gary Busey","Haley Joel Osment","Carrot Top","Clay Aiken","Abraham Lincoln","Matthew Broderick","Ralph Macchio","Kirk Cameron","Anthony Michael Hall","MacGyver","Chuck Norris","Harry Dean Stanton","Mr. T","Tom Selleck","Burt Reynolds","Steve Guttenberg","Michael Winslow","Ted Danson","Alan Thicke","David Hasselhoff","Wilford Brimley","Bobcat Goldthwait","Bill Cosby","Howie Mandel","Elvis","Andrew Dice Clay","Jerry Seinfeld","Eddie Murphy","Don Knotts","Tony Danza","John Stamos","Bob Saget","Dave Coulier","LeVar Burton","George Carlin","Steve Martin","Billy Crystal","Larry David","Jay Leno","David Letterman","Seth Green","Mike Myers","Breckin Meyer","Dana Carvey","Chris Farley","Jim Carrey","Adam Sandler","Ben Stiller","Will Ferrell","Nicolas Cage","Morgan Freeman","Batman","Superman","Spiderman","Leslie Nielson","Ron Howard","John Goodman","Gary Coleman","John Candy","Martin Short","Conan O'Brian","Norm Macdonald","French Stewart","Rowan Atkinson","Stephen Fry","Hugh Laurie","Louis CK","Bono","Kevin Nealon","David Spade","Michael J Fox","Fred Savage","Bruce Willis","Alan Alda","Jon Lovitz","Bill Murray","Wil Wheaton","Patrick Stewart","William Shatner","Kelsey Grammer","Matthew Broderick","Ben Stein","Jack Black","Dan Aykroyd","Rick Moranis","Axl Rose","Sting","Phil Collins","Slash","Lionel Richie","Huey Lewis","John Mellencamp","Bryan Adams","Billy Idol","Peter Gabriel","Tom Petty","Steven Tyler","Rod Stewart","David Bowie","Bobby Brown","Rick James","Richard Marx","David Lee Roth","Corey Hart","Rick Springfield","Ronnie James Dio","Ozzy Osbourne","Alice Cooper","Gene Simmons","Prince","Michael Jackson","Rick Astley","Dustin Diamond","Michael Lohan","Jesse McCartney","Jaleel White","Joey Fatone","Randy Quaid","Wesley Snipes","Spencer Pratt","AJ McLean","Ben Savage","Ian Ziering","Vanilla Ice","Daniel Baldwin","Flava Flav","Bret Michaels","Rob Schneider","Frankie Muniz","Verne Troyer","Drew Lachey","PewDiePie","Shane Dawson","Ray William Johnson","Antoine Dodson","Golden Voice Ted Williams","Star Wars Kid","Chris Crocker","Biz Stone","Kevin Rose","StampyLongHead","NigaHiga","Tom from Myspace","Tay Zonday","PSY","Gotye","Dino Bruscia","Jason Russell","Joseph Kony","Nash Grier","Justin Bieber","Donald Glover","Tyler Oakley","Edward Snowden","Julian Assange","Josh Ostrovsky","Jimmy Fallon","Steven Colbert","Tobuscus","Bo Burnham","Rob Ford","Chris Hadfield","Paul Rudd","Chris Stark","Liam Kyle Sullivan","Philip DeFranco","Zayn Malik","CopperCab","Freddie Wong","Timothy DeLaGhetto","Scumbag Steve",
"George Buckenham","Jonathan Mann","Christian Genco","Jay Silver","Eric Rosenbaum","Ira Glass","Scott Aukerman","Reggie Watts","Tim Heidecker","Eric Wareheim","David Cross","Neil Hamburger","Will Forte","Zach Galifianakis","John C. Reilly","Fred Armisen","Michael Ian Black","Michael Cera","Jeff Goldblum","Josh Groban","Jonah Hill","Jack McBrayer","Bob Odenkirk","Patton Oswalt","Brian Posehn","Paul Reubens","Tom Skerritt","Fred Willard","Rainn Wilson","Tommy Wiseau","Eric Andre","Hannibal Buress","Hannibal Lecter","Norman Bates","Dexter Morgan","Seth Rogen","Ed Helms","Jason Schwartzman","Wayne Coyne","Ken Marino","Thomas Lennon","Michael Showalter","David Wain","WeezyWaiter","John Green","Hank Green","Mike Rugnetta","Rhett McLaughlin","Link Neal","Derek Waters","Grant Imahara","Jonah Ray","Bobak Ferdowsi","Kumail Nanjiani","Paul Scheer","Nick Kroll","Mark Duplass","Jon Glaser","Eugene Mirman","Judah Friedlander","Devendra Banhart","Todd Barry","Will Oldham","Space Ghost","Frylock","Master Shake","Meatwad","Steve Jobs","Bill Gates","Jack Dorsey","Jimmy Whales","Chris Hardwick","Kevin Smith","Neil DeGrasse Tyson","Carl Sagan","Joss Whedon","Simon Pegg","Martin Starr","Nate Silver","Wes Anderson","Ron Howard","Dennis Kucinich","Ric Ocasek","Mark Mothersbaugh","Crispin Glover","Gene Wilder","Danny Elfman","David Byrne","Gary Numan","Gibby Haynes","Captain Beefheart","Frank Zappa","Iggy Pop","Jonathan Richman","James Chance","William S. Burroughs","Sun Ra","Roky Erickson","Jad Fair","Daniel Johnston","Karlheinz Stockhausen","John Cage","Steve Reich","Morton Subotnick","Jandek","R. Stevie Moore","Raymond Scott","Ivor Cutler","Eric Idle","Terry Gilliam","John Cleese","Michael Palin","Christopher Guest","Harry Shearer","Eugene Levy","Fred Willard","Ricky Gervais","Stephen Merchant","Karl Pilkington","Steve Wozniak","Nikola Tesla","William Howard Taft","James Buchanan","Franklin Pierce","Millard Fillmore","William Henry Harrison","Herbert Hoover","Benjamin Harrison","Gerald Ford","Richard Nixon","Rutherford B. Hayes","Warren G. Harding","Martin Van Buren","Evan Roth",
"David Rees","Daniel Benmergui","Alexis Madrigal","Ian Bogost","Josh Hara","Ken Jennings","Jad Abumrad","John Hodgman","Puff Daddy"
],




"lovehatebot":["You know what I love? #adjective.a.capitalize# #noun#.","You know what I love? #adjective.capitalize# #noun.s#."],
"negativeadjective":["useless","dumb","cliché","hackneyed","unoriginal","cornball","corny","hokey","fake","creepy","mundane","pedestrian","stereotypical","stupid","unimaginative","ignorant","sluggish","imbecilic","obtuse","idiotic","foolish","senseless","backward","boring","brainless","feeble-minded","half-baked","tedious","annoying","exhausting","uninteresting","irksome","lackluster","stale","old","lame","trivial","trite","banal","insipid","gibberish","worn-out","dead","fussy","tired","picky","finicky","bland","bitter","hectic","tiring","inaccurate","irresponsible","negligent","reckless","sloppy","thoughtless","wasteful","absent-minded","imprudent","inconsiderate","oblivious","offhand","ugly","awful","grotesque","unseemly","unsightly","appalling","deformed","gross","loathsome","misshapen","repulsive","uninviting","dirty","disgusting","distasteful","hideous","horrible","messy","smelly","nasty","stinky","wet","hot","terrible","vile","filthy","mean","offensive","sickening"],
"exclaim":["!","!","!","!","!!","!!","!!","!!!","!!!","!!!!","!!!!!","!!!!!!","!!!!!!!","!!!!!!!1"],


"perfectmanbot":["The perfect man has #man#'s #bodypart#, #man#'s #bodypart# & #man#'s #adjective# #bodypart#"],
"man":["Scott Bakula"],
"adjective":["timeless","classic","dreamy","creamy","strong","mesmerizing","handsome","charming","attractive","hypnotic","enthralling","magnetic","stunning","gorgeous","devastating","striking","famous","first-class","regal","sublime","heavenly","athletic","dapper","stylish","suave","virile","fake","crazy","cool","creepy","weird","idiosyncratic","quirky","golden","eccentric","odd","strange","distinctive","singular","perfect","superior","unique","special","distinguished","abnormal","foreign","irregular","unusual","amazing","bizarre","incredible","phenomenal","awe-inspiring","prominent","prodigious","unparalleled","friendly","magic","magical","refined","reptilian"],
"bodypart":["chin","eyebrows","famous catchphrase","eyes","sense of humor","fingernails","knees","earlobes","nose","uvula","armpits","belly button","nostrils","ankles","elbows","teeth","wrists","toes","calves","pinky fingers","laugh","singing voice","charisma","head","neck","ears","cheeks","forehead","eyelids","eyelashes","brain","heart","arms","legs","thighs","feet","back","personality","disposition","style","knuckles","hair","shoulders","fashion sense","dance moves","agility","thumbs","thumbnails","leg hair","jaw","talent","birthmark","scars","height","collar bone","mutant powers","x-ray vision","telekinesis","echolocation","speed","invisibility","scream","immortality","teleportation","levitation","athleticism","book smarts","street smarts","confidence","attitude","spatial awareness","morals","bad boy image","integrity","manners","demeanor","sophistication","social graces","table manners","prehensile tail","claws","webbed feet","soft palate","larynx","bite strength","poisonous breath","retractable wings","steel skin","telepathy","elasticity","empathy","tastebuds","eardrums","cochleas","ossicles","retinas","corneas","Twitter account","WiFi password","pants","whittling skills","whistling ability","stamp collection","street cred","hacking skills","creativity","daring","effervescence","vim & vigor","messiness","selfishness","ego","shyness","focus","cynicism","neuroticism","thin skin","pessimism","optimism","laziness","idealism","pragmatism","dogmatism","impatience","hubris","altruism","cruelty","honesty","humility","integrity","loyalty","modesty","narcissism","paranoia","timidity","vengefulness","omnipotence","dark secret","stance","blank gaze","posture","je ne sais quoi","poker face","bowling technique","laser eyes","bionic skeleton","cybernetic calf implants","animal magnetism","icy heart","mettle"],






       "proverb": ["#noun.a.capitalize#'s frown is better than #noun#'s smile.",
        "#noun.a.capitalize#  in need is #noun# indeed.",
        "#noun.a.capitalize#  is easier #noun# than found.",
        "#noun.a.capitalize#  to everybody is #noun# to nobody.",
        "#noun.a.capitalize#  shared is #noun# halved.",
        "A true #noun# is someone who reaches for your hand, but touches your #noun#.",
        "False #noun.s# are worse than open enemies.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is all right so long as #noun# don't inhale.",
        "Give #noun# where #noun# is due.",
        "#noun.capitalize# divided is made #noun#-er.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is the treasure of the mind.",
        "#noun.capitalize# dries sooner than #noun#.",
        "Old #noun.s# and old wine are best.",
        "The best of #noun.s# must part.",
        "The best #noun# are not bought and sold.",
        "There is no better looking-glass than an old #noun#.",
        "To err is #noun# (To forgive divine).",
        "Two cannot fall out if #noun# does not choose.",
        "A loveless #noun# is a living death.",
        "Absence makes #noun# grow fonder.",
        "All's fair in #noun# and war.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is in #noun# of the beholder.",
        "Before #noun# meet #noun# #noun# have to kiss a lot of toads.",
        "Better to have #noun# and #noun#, than to have never #noun# at all.",
        "Cold hands, warm #noun#.",
        "Distance makes #noun# grow fonder.",
        "Faint #noun# never won fair lady.",
        "First #noun# are the most lasting.",
        "Hatred is as blind as #noun#",
        "#noun.capitalize# and a cough cannot be hid.",
        "#noun.capitalize# does much but #noun# does all.",
        "#noun.capitalize# levels all inequalities.",
        "#noun.capitalize# makes a good eye squint.",
        "#noun.capitalize# sees no faults.",
        "#noun.capitalize# sought is good, but given unsought is better.",
        "#noun.capitalize# to live and live to #noun#",
        "#noun.capitalize# with #noun# is heaven; and #noun# unloving, hell.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is the head but #noun# turns it.",
        "Marry in haste, repent at #noun#.",
        "The course of #noun# never did run smooth.",
        "#noun.capitalize# loveth a cheerful liar.",
        "There is a thin line between #noun# and #noun#.",
        "To eat one's #noun# out.",
        "True #noun# lies within.",
        "#noun.capitalize# can't live on #noun# alone.",
        "A good #noun# is one's nearest relation.",
        "#noun.a.capitalize#  is known by the company he keeps.",
        "#noun.a.capitalize#  of straw needs #noun# of gold.",
        "A wink is as good as a nod, to a blind #noun#.",
        "An #noun# is forgiven better than an #noun# revenged.",
        "#noun.capitalize# and #noun# hinder good counsel.",
        "At #noun# there's no dispute about #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is the best form of #noun#.",
        "Be #noun# in choosing, but #noun# in changing.",
        "Behind every great #noun# stands a strong #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is thicker than water.",
        "#noun.capitalize# smooths the road of #noun#.",
        "Confess and be #noun#.",
        "Conscience makes #noun# of us all.",
        "Don't blow your own #noun#.",
        "Do as #noun# would have done unto #noun#",
        "Do unto others as #noun# would have them do unto #noun#",
        "Grow angry #noun#; there's plenty of time.",
        "#noun.capitalize# bears misery best that hides it most.",
        "#noun.capitalize# that hurts another, hurts himself.",
        "#noun.capitalize# who wronged #noun# will #noun# #noun#",
        "Heavy givers are #noun# complainers.",
        "I am #noun# and #noun# are #noun#. Your #noun.s# bounce off #noun# and stick unto #noun#",
        "If #noun# lose your #noun#, don't look for it.",
        "Joy shared is double joy; #noun# shared is (only) half #noun#.",
        "Laugh and #noun# laughs with #noun# Cry and #noun# cry alone.",
        "Never let #noun# set on angry #noun#.",
        "Never let #noun# go down on your #noun#.",
        "Never let #noun# set on thy wrath.",
        "Never quarrel with one's #noun# and butter.",
        "No #noun# or #noun# is worth your tears, and the one who is, won't make #noun# cry.",
        "Open confession is good for #noun#.",
        "Out of #noun#, out of mind.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is a virtue.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is better than force.",
        "Spare #noun# and spoil #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is so good a thing that we should never lose it.",
        "To #noun# #noun# may be one person, but to one person, #noun# may be #noun#.",
        "Wondrous is the strength of #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# made #noun#, now #noun# must lie in it.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is always a coward.",
        "A handsome shoe often pinches #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is all the sweeter when won with pain.",
        "#noun.a.capitalize#  too careful of #noun# lives in continual torment.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is as good as #noun#.",
        "Adversity flatters no #noun#.",
        "Adversity and loss make #noun# wise.",
        "All #noun.s# are either broken or kept.",
        "All #noun.s# come to those that wait.",
        "An eye for an eye and #noun# for #noun#.",
        "An open door may tempt #noun#.",
        "As #noun# closes, another always opens.",
        "As #noun# go through #noun#, make this your goal, watch the doughnut and not the hole.",
        "Brevity is #noun# of wit.",
        "Cut your coat according to #noun#.",
        "Discretion is the better part of #noun#.",
        "Do right and fear no #noun#.",
        "Easy come, easy #noun#.",
        "Fortune favours #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# who laughs last, laughs longest.",
        "Home is where #noun# is.",
        "Hope for the best #noun# and prepare for the worst #noun#.",
        "If wishes were #noun#, #noun.s# would ride.",
        "In the country of the blind, the one-eyed #noun# is king.",
        "#noun.capitalize# begins at forty.",
        "#noun.capitalize.s# trials may be hard to bear, but #noun# can outlive them.",
        "#noun.capitalize# maketh #noun#.",
        "No #noun# is worse for knowing the worst of himself.",
        "Only #noun# die young.",
        "Procrastination is #noun# of time.",
        "The best #noun# in #noun# are free.",
        "#noun.capitalize# shall inherit the earth.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is as bad as #noun#.",
        "To wait and be patient soothes #noun# a pang.",
        "What #noun# doesn't see, #noun# doesn't grieve over.",
        "While there's #noun# there's hope.",
        "An apple a day keeps #noun# away.",
        "A drowning #noun# will clutch at a straw.",
        "#noun.capitalize# a day keeps everyone away.",
        "As #noun# go through #noun#, make this your goal, watch the doughnut and not the hole.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is but skin deep.",
        "Better to be #noun# and healthy rather than #noun# and sick.",
        "#noun.capitalize# never falls but on its buttered side.",
        "#noun.capitalize#-ness is next to Godliness.",
        "Content is health to the sick and riches to #noun#.",
        "Don't bite the hand that feeds #noun#",
        "Drink like #noun#, water only.",
        "Early to bed, early to rise, makes #noun# healthy, wealthy & wise.",
        "#noun.capitalize# who drinks a little too much drinks much too much.",
        "#noun.capitalize# who rises late must trot all day.",
        "Old #noun.s# and old wine are best.",
        "One #noun#'s meat is another #noun#'s poison.",
        "Ready #noun# is ready medicine.",
        "There's nary a slip, twixt #noun# and #noun#.",
        "To add insult to #noun#.",
        "Too many #noun.s# spoil the broth.",
        "Too many #noun.s# spoil #noun#.",
        "What #noun# eat today walks and talks tomorrow.",
        "#noun.capitalize# are what #noun# eat.",
        "#noun.capitalize# can't have your cake and eat it too.",
        "#noun.capitalize# can eat #noun# if #noun# do it one #noun# at a time.",
        "#noun.capitalize# can't unscramble a scrambled egg.",
        "Wondrous is the strength of #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# uttereth all his mind.",
        "Angry #noun.s# fan #noun# like wind.",
        "Bad #noun# travels fast.",
        "Few #noun.s# and #noun#-y deeds.",
        "#noun.capitalize# who sings drives away sorrow.",
        "If #noun# don't say it #noun# will not have to unsay it.",
        "Keep your #noun# shut and your #noun# open.",
        "Listen to #noun# calling #noun# black.",
        "#noun.capitalize#-y a true word spoken in jest.",
        "No #noun# is good #noun#.",
        "One picture is worth a thousand #noun.s#.",
        "Say what #noun# mean and mean what #noun# say.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is an excellent remedy against slander.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is golden.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is less injurious than a bad reply.",
        "Speak clearly, if #noun# speak at all.",
        "Sticks and #noun#s may break my bones but #noun.s# will never hurt me.",
        "Talking comes by nature, #noun# by #noun# .",
        "A wise #noun# shall hold his tongue till he sees his opportunity.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is the best means of defence.",
        "Four #noun# are better than two.",
        "#noun.capitalize# who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day.",
        "It is better to stay silent and be thought #noun#, than to open one's #noun# and remove all doubt.",
        "No wise #noun# ever wishes to be younger.",
        "One #noun.s# junk is another #noun#'s treasure.",
        "Out of the frying pan into #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# can't tell a book by its cover.",
        "Where there's smoke there's #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is better than strength.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is neither inheritance nor a legacy.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is the wealth of the wise.",
        "#noun.capitalize# can't put an old head on young shoulders.",
        "#noun.capitalize# never know what #noun# can do till #noun# try.",
        "A bad #noun# blames his tools.",
        "All work and no play makes #noun# a dull boy.",
        "An idle #noun# is the devil's playfellow.",
        "Diligence is #noun# of good luck.",
        "Don't try kicking against #noun#.",
        "Everybody must row with #noun# he has.",
        "#noun.capitalize# never did anyone any harm.",
        "If at first #noun# don't succeed, try, try again.",
        "If #noun# can't help, don't hinder.",
        "If #noun# see something #noun# like, take it and make it better.",
        "#noun.capitalize#-y hands make #noun# work.",
        "Never put off 'til tomorrow what #noun# can do today.",
        "No #noun# can be dreary when work is #noun#.",
        "The harder #noun# work, the luckier #noun# are.",
        "The hardest work is to do #noun#.",
        "Work as if everything depends on #noun#, but pray as if everything depends on #noun#",
        "#noun.capitalize# in the hand is worth two in the bush.",
        "#noun.capitalize# makes his nest little by little.",
        "#noun.capitalize# has nine lives.",
        "All #noun.s# are grey in the dark.",
        "#noun.capitalize# never forgets.",
        "An old #noun# need learn no craft.",
        "#noun.capitalize.s# of a feather flock together.",
        "Curiosity killed #noun#; Satisfaction brought it back.",
        "Curses, like #noun.s# come home to roost.",
        "Don't count your #noun.s# before they hatch.",
        "Every #noun# has its day.",
        "If #noun# lie down with #noun.s#, you'll get up with fleas.",
        "It's an ill #noun# that fouls its own nest.",
        "It's an old #noun# for a hard road.",
        "It's no use closing the stable door, after #noun# has bolted.",
        "Kill two #noun.s# with the one #noun#.",
        "Let sleeping #noun.s# lie.",
        "Like #noun# out of water.",
        "Never look a gift #noun# in #noun#.",
        "No sense closing the barn door after #noun# has bolted.",
        "#noun.capitalize# falls into #noun# of a sleeping #noun#.",
        "Putting the cart before #noun#.",
        "Sauce for the goose is sauce for #noun#.",
        "The early #noun# catches the worm.",
        "The leopard does not change his #noun.s#.",
        "The sleepy #noun# catches no #noun.s#.",
        "There's no use in flogging a dead #noun#.",
        "To scare #noun# is not the way to catch it.",
        "What do #noun# expect from a pig, but a grunt?",
        "When #noun# hears a rabbit screaming it comes running, but not to help.",
        "While #noun.s# away the mice play.",
        "#noun.capitalize# can lead #noun# to water, but #noun# can't make him drink.",
        "#noun.capitalize# can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is no stronger than its weakest link.",
        "A rolling #noun# gathers no moss.",
        "After #noun# comes the calm.",
        "All aren't #noun.s# that blow the horn.",
        "As green as #noun#.",
        "As is #noun#-er so is #noun#.",
        "As #noun# sow, so shall #noun# reap.",
        "Deeds are fruits, #noun.s# are but leaves.",
        "Don't count your #noun.s# before they are hatched.",
        "Don't cross your bridges until #noun# come to them.",
        "Every #noun# has a silver lining.",
        "Every #noun# has its puddle.",
        "It is better to be #noun# and growing than #noun# and rotten.",
        "Leave no #noun# unturned.",
        "Like looking for #noun# in a haystack.",
        "Make hay while #noun# shines.",
        "Milk #noun# but don't pull off the udder.",
        "Never cackle unless #noun# lay.",
        "Oaks may fall when reeds take #noun#.",
        "Shake the hand before #noun# plough the field.",
        "Strike while #noun# is hot.",
        "The beaten #noun# is safest.",
        "The best #noun# bears weeds as well as flowers.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is always greener on the other side of the fence.",
        "The longest #noun# begins with the first step.",
        "The more #noun# stir, the more it stinks.",
        "#noun.capitalize# shines on both sides of the hedge.",
        "The worst #noun# always creaks most.",
        "Too #noun#-y irons in #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# can't get #noun# out of #noun#.",
        "A spark can start a great #noun#.",
        "A short #noun#t is often a wrong #noun#.",
        "Big #noun# eat little #noun#.",
        "From trivial #noun#, great contests often arise.",
        "Give them an inch and they'll take #noun#.",
        "Grow angry #noun#, there's plenty of time.",
        "#noun.capitalize# who hesitates is #noun#.",
        "It's either all or #noun#.",
        "It is the first #noun# that is difficult.",
        "Little strokes fell great #noun.s#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# time is never found again.",
        "#noun.capitalize#-y drops make a shower.",
        "Mighty #noun.s# from tiny acorns grow.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is a hard nurse, but she raises strong children.",
        "#noun.capitalize# wasn't built in a day.",
        "#noun.capitalize# have to crawl before #noun# walk.",
        "A bad #noun# always comes back.",
        "#noun.a.capitalize# purse makes a heavy #noun#.",
        "#noun.a.capitalize#'s intentions seldom add to his income.",
        "#noun.a.capitalize# saved is #noun# earned.",
        "#noun.a.capitalize# #noun# is better than a liar.",
        "A single #noun# fairly got is worth a thousand that are not.",
        "Always #noun# are to be #noun# next year.",
        "#noun.capitalize.s# can't be choosers.",
        "Every #noun# has his price.",
        "Every #noun# is the architect of his destiny.",
        "Experience is the father of #noun# .",
        "#noun.capitalize# has enough who is content.",
        "#noun.capitalize# that pays last never pays twice.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is #noun# that is satisfied.",
        "In for #noun#, in for a pound.",
        "It is better to be born lucky than #noun#.",
        "Little thieves are #noun#, but great ones escape.",
        "#noun.capitalize# burns a hole in your pocket.",
        "Never spend your #noun# before #noun# have it.",
        "One #noun# is worth two #noun.s#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# wise, pound #noun#-ish.",
        "Take care of #noun# and #noun.s# will take care of themselves.",
        "The love of #noun# is the root of all evil.",
        "There is no honour among #noun.s#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is soon snatched up.",
        "#noun.capitalize# won by lying is quick in dying.",
        "Damage suffered makes #noun# knowing, but seldom rich.",
        "Don't throw #noun# out with the bath-water.",
        "Don't put all your #noun# in one basket.",
        "Experience is the best #noun#.",
        "First come, first #noun#.",
        "Fore-warned is fore-#noun.ed#.",
        "Hasty #noun.s# have sudden falls.",
        "Hasty #noun.s# are generally faulty.",
        "Honesty is the best #noun#.",
        "If #noun# can go wrong, it will.",
        "If #noun# don't know where you're going, then #noun# is never ending.",
        "It's #noun# job that can't carry one boss.",
        "Keep. It. Simple. #noun#.",
        "Look before #noun# leaps.",
        "Nobody can serve two #noun.s#.",
        "One #noun#'s loss, is another #noun#'s gain.",
        "#noun.capitalize# begins just where ambition ends.",
        "Possession is nine tenths of #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# is always right.",
        "#noun.capitalize# helps them that help themselves.",
        "#noun.capitalize# never was the present one.",
        "#noun.capitalize# and his #noun# are soon parted.",
        "#noun.capitalize# in a gown is none the wiser.",
        "A wise #noun# doesn't need advice, and #noun# won't take it.",
        "Confess and be #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# rush in where angels fear to tread.",
        "#noun.capitalize# who won't be advised, can't be helped.",
        "It can't happen here is number one on the list of famous last #noun.s#.",
        "It is better to stay silent and be thought #noun#, than to open one's #noun# and remove all doubt.",
        "See #noun#, say #noun#, know #noun#.",
        "#noun.capitalize# wanders, the wise #noun# travels.",
        "The wise #noun# is deceived once but #noun# twice.",
        "There is no #noun# like an old #noun#.",
        "What's #noun# of home, if #noun# are never in it?",
        "#noun.capitalize# cannot lose what #noun# never had.",

"#noun.capitalize# and #noun#, will never do a man any harm.",
"A poor #noun# is better than none at all.",
"You can't have your #noun# and eat it too.",
"All you need is #noun#.",
"#noun.capitalize# is the soul of wit.",
"#noun.capitalize# is where the heart is.",
"#noun.a# to everyone is #noun.a# to nobody.",
"Better weak #noun# than #noun#.",
"Beware of #noun.a# that has too many #noun.s#.",
"Every family has at least one #noun#.",
"Fools use #noun.s# for #noun.s#.",
"He who follows #noun# has many companions.",
"If #noun.s# were horses, then #noun.s# would ride.",
"Rich get richer and poor get #noun.s#.",
"Speak the truth and embarrass #noun#.",
"Bad #noun.s# are better than none at all.",
"I think that when you invite people to your #noun#, you invite them to yourself.",
"Shine within you so that it can shine on someone else. Let your #noun# shine.",
"What #noun# intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine.",
"We are each responsible for our own #noun# - no other person is or even can be.",
"Man cannot live on #noun# alone.",
"A man of #noun# needs a woman of #noun#.",
"Actions speak louder than #noun.s#.",
"You can't put an old #noun# on young #noun.s#.",
"You can lead #noun.a# to #noun#, but you can't make him drink.",
"A rolling stone gathers no #noun#.",
"#noun.a.capitalize# saved is #noun.a# earned.",
"A fool and his #noun# are soon parted.",
"A wise man doesn't need #noun#, and a fool won't take it.",
"It's easier to do #noun.a# right, than to explain why you didn't.",
"The only thing we have to fear is #noun# itself",
"The harder #noun#, the greater #noun#",
"The advancement and diffusion of #noun# is the only guardian of true liberty",
"On matters of style, swim with the current, on matters of principle, stand like #noun.a#",
"Forgive your enemies, but never forget their #noun.s#",
"Live simply, love generously, care deeply, speak kindly, leave the rest to #noun#",
"One man's #noun# is another man's #noun#.",
"You miss 100% of #noun.s# you don’t take.",
"Bad #noun.s# ain't no good but good #noun.s# ain't no fun.",
"#noun.capitalize# ain't as bad as it seems.",
"The winner ain't the one with the fastest #noun#, it's the one who refuses to lose.",
"When #noun# ain't happy, ain't nobody happy.",
"The voice of the people is the voice of #noun#.",
"A bad #repeatednoun1# is better than no #repeatednoun1#.",
"#repeatednoun1.capitalize# does not eat #repeatednoun1#.",
"Fight #repeatednoun1# with #repeatednoun1#.",
"He who excuses #repeatednoun1#, accuses #repeatednoun1#.",
"#repeatednoun1.capitalize# of the people is the #repeatednoun1# of God.",
"There are #repeatednoun1.s# within #repeatednoun1.s#.",
"#repeatednoun1.capitalize# is as #repeatednoun1# does.",
"#repeatednoun1.a.capitalize# in need is #repeatednoun1.a# indeed.",
"#repeatednoun1.a.capitalize# to everybody is #repeatednoun1.a# to nobody.",
"Give #repeatednoun1# where #repeatednoun1# is due.",
"Love with #repeatednoun1# is heaven; and #repeatednoun1# unloving, hell.",
"#repeatednoun1.capitalize# shared is double #repeatednoun1#; #repeatednoun2# shared is (only) half #repeatednoun2#.",
"#repeatednoun1.a.capitalize# for #repeatednoun1.a# and #repeatednoun2.a# for #repeatednoun2.a#.",
 "Good #repeatednoun1# ruins the purse, and bad #repeatednoun1# ruins the stomach.",
 "You can't un-#repeatednoun1# a #repeatednoun1.ed# egg.",
 "Do as #repeatednoun1# say not as #repeatednoun1# do.",
 "No #repeatednoun1# is good #repeatednoun1#.",
 "Say what #repeatednoun1# mean and mean what #repeatednoun1# say.",
 "One #repeatednoun1#'s junk is another #repeatednoun1#'s treasure.",
 "As is the #repeatednoun1#-er so is #repeatednoun1#.",
 "Big #repeatednoun1.s# eat little #repeatednoun1.s#.",
 "A short #repeatednoun1# is often a wrong #repeatednoun1#.",
 "#repeatednoun1.a.capitalize# saved is #repeatednoun1.a# earned.",
 "Have #repeatednoun1.a#, give #repeatednoun1.a#, need #repeatednoun1.a#, take #repeatednoun1.a#.",
 "Waste #repeatednoun1#, want #repeatednoun1#.",
 "#repeatednoun1.capitalize# in a hurry, #repeatednoun behind.",
 "See #repeatednoun1#, say #repeatednoun1#, know #repeatednoun1#.",
 "See no #repeatednoun1#, hear no #repeatednoun1#, speak no #repeatednoun1#.",
 "There is no #repeatednoun1# like an old #repeatednoun1#.",
 "Cut off #repeatednoun1#'s nose to spite #repeatednoun1#'s face.",
 "#repeatednoun1.capitalize# cannot lose what #repeatednoun1# never had.",
 "#repeatednoun1.a.capitalize# at 40 is #repeatednoun1.a# forever.",
 "Always #repeatednoun1.a#smaid, never #repeatednoun1.a#.",
 "Better #repeatednoun1# you know than #repeatednoun1# you don't.",
 "If #repeatednoun1.a# leadeth #repeatednoun1.a#, both will fall into a pit.",
 "The man who could call #repeatednoun1.a# #repeatednoun1.a# should be compelled to use one.",
 "#repeatednoun1# of the #repeatednoun1# is the crème de la crème.",
 "It's #repeatednoun1.a# eat #repeatednoun1# world.",
 "Fool #repeatednoun1# once, shame on you; fool #repeatednoun1# twice, shame on #repeatednoun1#.",
 "If #repeatednoun1# won't come to #repeatednoun2#, #repeatednoun2# must come to #repeatednoun1#.",
 "It's not the size of #repeatednoun1# in the fight, it's the size of the fight in #repeatednoun1#.",
 "The left #repeatednoun1# doesn't know what the right #repeatednoun1# is doing.",
 "#repeatednoun1.capitalize# see, #repeatednoun1# do.",
 "One #repeatednoun1#'s loss is another #repeatednoun1#'s gain.",
 "One #repeatednoun1#'s meat is another #repeatednoun1#'s poison.",
 "One #repeatednoun1#'s trash is another #repeatednoun1#'s treasure.",
 "Sure as #repeatednoun1# is #repeatednoun1#.",
 "Those who live by #repeatednoun1# die by #repeatednoun1#."],
"noun":["Scott",
"Bakulette",
"Scott Bakula",
"Bakula fan"

]



}
